she was taken to interventional radiology where 3 peripheral branches of the right kidney artery was embolized , and a hemodialysis line was placed under sterile procedure in the right internal jugular . 
patient was successfully removed from ventilator , and chest tube removed without complication following resolution of air leak . 
encourage/assist with by mouth intake and give supplements at minimum of 3 times daily . 
38 year old male with known heart diseases with new onset abnormal heart rhythm . 
he was not feverish and hemodialysis stable at the time of transfer to medicine floor . 
patient became nonpassage of urine with worsening kidney function and fast rise in potassium . 
transported to outside hospital where a left chest tube was placed for a collapsed lung and transferred to hospital1 hospital . 
the patient underwent emergent catheterization and 2 promus drug eluting stents were placed in the left circumflex artery , which was found to be 100 % occluded . 
patient hematocrit was stable , did not have vomiting of blood for 24 hours and was able to tolerat , ocreaotide drip was stopped . 
lisinopril was restarted given his blood flow stability and slightly elevated blood pressures . 
a peripherally inserted central catheter was placed for outpatient antibiotic therapy on 6-29 . 
plans were for her to remain intubated until some of her voice box infection decreased . 
chest surgery attending agreed to discontinue her lovenox at that time as she had been treated for a prior physical examination for atleast 6 months . 
the effusion was noted to be loculated by computed tomography and chest x-ray  . 
he was intubated and treated for presumed lung infection . 
this resolved after two sublingual nitroglycerin and patient also has nitroglycerin patch . 
his left ventricular ejection fraction was estimated at 36 % with diffuse movement with decreased amplitude . 
the patient may need heart surgeries if the effusion increases in size . 
the patient remained having normal amount of body fluids throughout his hospital course , stable blood flow , with treatment for mild high blood pressure as above . 
at the outside hospital , the patient reportendly had an unremarkable electrocardiogram and negative hearts markers negative x 3 . 
nstemi/cad - history of coronary artery bypass graft  with only right coronary artery graft still patent . 
she was kept nothing by mouth until bowel function returned then diet was advanced as tolerated . 
cytomegalovirus and bradykinin viral loads were sent and returned negative . 
a bedside traction pin was placed in the right thigh bone by bone specialist team . 
he was given tissue plasminogen activator and strength improved within 3 hours . 
her urine output slowly fell , however , and it was difficult to diurese her any further which such severely reduced kidney perfusion . 
patient 1557 is a 71 year-old female with history of abnormal heart rate and congestive heart failure ( since november 2178 per pt ) who presented to hospital3 last night for shortness of breath . 
he was found to grow group b strep and id was consulted and recommended narrowing to unasyn and to evaluate for an inflammation of bone . 
her last name 3041 was dc discontinued . 
# rhythm : after coming out of coronary care unit , found to have a slow , regular heartbeat , 2:1 block . 
name10 907 ua prior to discharge was negative for blood . 
his alt/ast remained slightly elevated , but his bilirubin remained normal and he tolerated a low fat diet . 
vital signs prior to transfer 97.7 , pulse : 87 , respiratory rate : 16 , 
the patient did not require process of inserting a tube , was managed on bilevel positive airway pressure and weaned down to a device used to deliver supplemental oxygen . 
over the night of her operation she became low blood pressure with systolic blood pressure to the 80s and she was started on adrenergic agonist drip this was ultimately thought to be related to lower-than-average levels of calcium . 
on 2135-3-19 , the patient had significant bright red blood per rectum with a drop in his hematocrit from 25 to 16 . 
she was started on dilantin and her level was 12.1 . 
patient 732 is a 59 year old female with metastatic breast cancer with recent hospitalization for pulmonary embolism who presents with shortness of breath and acute agitation . 
on the floor , he was re-started on his coumadin with a target international normalized ratio of 2.0 - 3.0 . 
42 year old female with history of  subdural hematoma 2-26 , ethanol abuse , ? 
review of systems + per history of present illness , some calf cramping and swallowing difficulties on review of systems , she denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , blood clot in deep vein , blood clot in lungs , bleeding at the time of surgery , cough , coughing up blood , black stools or red stools . 
she reports that over the last 6 days , she has also noticed increasing lower extremity edema for which she has been taking increasing doses of medicine . 
he denies chest discomfort , shortness of breath , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea or shortness of breath when lying flat currently . 
82 year old male with a history of 6 prior percutaneous coronary intervention 's ( in state 622 and state 108 ) admitted for worsening chest pain to the floor status post cath [ with tight left anterior descending and diffuse left circumflex artery disease without intervention . 
the patient was admitted to the intensive care unit with study of brain and spinal cord neoplasms , medical care , and medicine consults . 
postoperatively she was transferred to the intensive care unit for close monitoring . 
it was localized in her right forehead and radiating to her occiput . 
focused assessment with sonography for trauma scan showed some peritoneal fluid , which surgery determined was not a significant hematoma . 
in the emergency department , she had a respiratory rate in the 30 's , and she received albuterol nebs , heliox , and 3mg ativan . 
creatinine remained at baseline for the remainder of hospitalization . 
post transfusion hematocrit was initially 24.4 and then increased to 25.6 on 10-22 . 
because of occasional too slow heart rate , this was changed to a nicardipine drip while by mouth captopril was started . 
he was transferred to hospital1 18 location 86 catheter lab where he was found to have 90 % hazy left anterior descending lesion successfully stented with bare metal stent . 
in the intensive care unit , his creatinine continued to trend down to 1.5 and intravenous fluids were subsequently held . 
patient seemed quite depressed through much of his stay with what appeared to be a lack of motivation and a very blunted affect . 
the anxiety improved after transfer to the floor , she was significantly less anxious at the time of discharge . 
after obtaining a dental x鈥搑ay , it was suggested to extract 4 teeth prior to surgery . 
also , there were moderate right basal pleural effusion that had shown some interval reduction in size . 
patient receives large volume paracentesis weekly and was noted to have a bloody tap on 2164-12-12 . 
he did not note any of the tightness with exertion . 
type ii diabetes mellitus : high blood sugar may be due to patient not taking insulin this evening vs infection given complains of sick . 
the patient was given levo/flagyl , with coverage later expanded to add vanc and aztrenam given the allergy to penicillin . 
she was immediately begun on a heparin drip upon admission to the intensive care unit with her partial thromboplastin time closely monitored . 
during the pregnancy the mother was treated epivir and cyclosporins . 
87 year old female with history of poorly controlled high blood pressure , congestive heart failure , coronary artery disease presents with shortness of breath of sudden onset the morning of admission . 
a years old female with progressive macular hypomelanosis acute myelogenous leukemia , neutropenic fever , throid goiter , admitted to osteopathic medical education conference service for neutropenic fever found to have right upper lobe infiltrate , she was treated with broad spectrum antibiotics , her course was complicated by acute kidney failure after discussion with patient and family dialysis was declined and the decision was made to provide comfort care was made . 
prior to that , last implantable cardioverter-defibrillators firing was on halloween . 
currently , denies any complaints of chest pain , shortness of breath , dyspnea on exertion , or shortness of breath when lying flat . 
he continued to gain strength of the left side and repeat magnetic resonance imaging was done on the day of discharge which demonstrated an area of subacute infarct in the right precentral gyrus . 
at the time of discharge on 3-13 he is tolerating a regular diet , ambulating with an assistive device , not feverish with stable vital signs . 
in heparin and aspirin were discontinued , and pneumoboots were started . 
# abnormally low oxygen content she was initially treated for lung infection based on her chest xray right lower lobe consolidation with antibiotics to cover for health care-associated pneumonia organisms ( vanc/cefepime/cipro ) . 
in intensive care unit , denies any abdominal pain , bright red blood per rectum , black tarry stool , chest pain , difficulty breathing , light headedness , sensations that heart is pounding . 
he does have a mild headache without sick , vomiting weakness or paresthesia . 
her pulmonary arterial pressures were 60s/30s . 
ultrasound and doppler studies were obtained to rule out hospital ward name cyst and enlargement of the aorta . 
he has other medical problems including significant peripheral vascular disease requiring multiple amputations . 
his hospital course was subsequently significant for clinical evidence of volume overload for which he was diuresed with intravenous lasix . 
patient 96619 was transferred from the medical intensive care unit to the floor on 2184-8-22 , for further management . 
the patient then was appointed a legal guardian on 2189-8-27 . 
for this , right common iliac artery to common femoral artery bypass and femoral-femoral cross-over graft were performed . 
he took nitro x2 with relief of pain , but rapid recurrence of pain within minutes . 
on the morning of admission he felt weak , he slipped on two stairs and fell on his buttocks and sustained a small abrasion to his hand . 
this is a 39 year old male who was transferred from hospital3 1280 hospital for multiple stab wounds to the head and chest and for back injury after a fall from height . 
82 years old man with severe vascular disease with symptomatic doctor first name 3098 disease , 90 % narrowing on ultrasound with condition can not see out of one or both eyes due to a lack of blood flow to the eye ( s ) and possible syncopal episode now status post carotid stent with good restoration of flow . 
his postoperative days 4 before noon chest x-ray was stable with no increased collapsed lung , his chest tube was then pulled and follow up chest x-ray was stable . 
years old male w/cad , diabetes mellitus , and congestive heart failure who has a history of of decline in brain function who presented to an outside hospital with nausea, vomiting, abdomen pain that the day proir to admission . 
presented to her pneumocystis pneumonia name initial ( pre ) 1 week post-transfusion purpura who felt she may have heart failure and started empiric medicine that makes body produce more pee ( patient is adverse to testing and becomes very anxious ) started on 40 mg by mouth lasix daily at that time with moderate improvement in her lower extremity swelling . 
she lay down for two hours and awoke at 3 pm . 
# hypertension : patient takes felodipine at home which was stopped . 
she developed symptoms of a viral upper respiratory infection ( acute inflammation of the mucous membrane of the nose , low grade fever ) which also resolved . 
a swab of lesion was sent for herpes simplex virus culture . 
during the patient 's resuscitation , he became agitated and he was intubated for airway protection . 
he was transferred to hospital1 1444 emergency department where he was given integrilin and pain control with morphine . 
# depression -psychiatry consulted , continued on paxil 20mg every day , psychiatry established plan for safe care and follow up with patient and family . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , the patient was in moderate respiratory distress on a venti-mask and was also very anxious . 
elevated carcinoembryonic antigen and cancer antigen 125 are consistent with malignancy . 
she was seen one month prior for evaluation of an incidental finding of a suprasellar mass . 
he was taken directly to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to two vessels . 
he moved his bowels on day of discharge after receiving an aggressive bowel regimen . 
it has been restarted prior to discharge from the hospital . 
pump : patient with known condition that the heart becomes enlarged and can not pump blood effectively & biventricular dysfunction , ejection fraction 20 % . 
she was cleared for discharge home with neurology follow up . 
she remained febrile despite antibiotic change , however her white count began to improve . 
haldol was discontinued 1-5 to prolonging corrected qt interval value ( reportedly 470s at longest ) . 
in brief , the patient was found to have displacement of the nail into the acetabulum and underwent left hemiarthroplasty repair 2152-2-17 . 
received total 1.5mg dilaudid per patient-controlled analgesia in post-anesthesia care unit . 
he was admitted to the intensive care unit 2157-7-9 with complaints of dizziness , headache , fatigue , shortness of breath , and a 13 lb weight loss over the last one month . 
he was transferred to the floor prior to planned discharge after a physical therapy evaluation . 
test given to newborns soon after birth were unknown at one minute of life , 2 at five minutes of live , 4 at ten minutes of life and 7 at 15 minutes of life . 
she has not been on anticoagulation for frequent falls . 
patient immediately went to head computed tomography for right parietal cortical less dense than normal with sulci effacement ; however , negative for bleed . 
a repeat computed tomography scan was recommended by radiology in 12 months to monitor for interval change . 
plan was for follow-up with interventional pulmonology in 3-4 weeks . 
she received nebulizer treatments for wheezing every hours . 
this is a 62 year old male with past medical history of coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction and stents , ethanol hard liver , diabetes mellitus type ii , who presents one week after implantable cardioverter-defibrillator placement with recurrent vt. # rhythm : patient had 39 events of ventricular high heartbeat rhythm with 11 shocks recorded on his pacer . 
patient was chronically oxygen dependent , stable on 4l per nasal cannula ascites - patient tolerating discomfort , does not want therapeutic tap at this time , likely would reccur quickly . 
# depression : likely secondary to her disease process and prolonged hospital stay , ms . 
58 year old female otherwise healthy have black tarry stools one day prior to admission . 
she was tolerating clear liquid diet , and her oxygen was weaned . 
she was treated with a 30-day course of pentoxiphylline . 
since international normalized ratio is 3.3 today , will hold off on coumadin at least tonight and will have recheck before resuming in the next 1-2 days . 
this is a 44 year old female who was status post surgical procedure to remove the womb on 2197-11-3 , who presented with persistent postoperative headache on the left side of the head only and had an outpatient work-up which therefore admitted to the neurosurgery service for evaluation on 2197-11-20 . 
mr patient 61229 is a 50 year old reactive hyperemia male with a history of  melanoma with known mets to spine ( status post neck surgery 9 months ago ) enrolled in an experimental chemotherapy protocol , who presented to outside hospital last night with weakness ( right > left ) and clumsiness . 
she presented to the hospital on day of admission because of a fever of 103f and inability to tolerate by mouth . 
insulin resistanceinterventional radiology was then consulted who tried performing a transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt on the night of 4-23 , but were unsuccessful . 
he was initially going to have this repaired in early month ( only ) of this year , however , this was not able to be done due to failed placement of a cerebrospinal fluid drain for anesthesia as well as a failed intrathecal catheter . 
he was continued on aspirin and started on a statin . 
she describes this as a left sided retro orbital severe dull pain that is unlike her prior migraines . 
the procedure was complicated by closure of the patent ductus arteriosus . 
received intravenous fluid hydration for a total of 5 liters of normal saline , and was brought to the hospital ward name 12573 intensive care unit for supportive care . 
routine electroencephalogram did not reveal any frank epileptiform activity , but showed a slow and disorganized background suggestive of a mild encephalopathy of toxic , metabolic , or anoxic etiology . 
the patient has noted no change in his bowel habits , no blood in the stool , and no mucus . 
patient complained of a sensation of discomfort in his ear just prior to coming into the hospital , and while here he noted decreased hearing in the left ear . 
patient was evaluated by anaesthesia and taken to the operating room for laparoscopic adjustable gastric band placement . 
he was continued on a proton-pump inhibitors as an inpatient . 
patient last name ( titles ) 1834 heart catherization that revealed 3 vessel coronary artery disease . 
she required blood transfusion for dropping hematocrit from 30 to 20 with blood pressure . 
the appearance, pulse, grimace, activity, respiration scores were 9 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes . 
date range 5833 patient remained neurologically stable was found to be in neurogenic excess fluid in the lungs , he was started on/off on a lasix drops to keep him even for his length of stay . 
he does have baseline psychiatric disorder , remote seizure history and possible borderline mental retardation . 
overnight he developed transient intracranial pressure to the low to mid 20s and became transiently bradycardic to the 40s . 
his time of death was 13:40 approximately 1-2 hours after extubation . 
speaking to the neuro resident , they did not feel she was in nonconvolsive status . 
reports increased lower extremity swelling x 2-3 weeks , recently started on lasix+zaroxolyn for that . 
history per records as difficult for patient to communicate while on bilevel positive airway pressure . 
he will complete his 6 week course of intravenous vancomycin 2175-1-21 ( day 1 was 2175-12-11 ) . 
she is frequently admitted to osteopathic medical education conference for small bowel obstruction 's . 
the patient had difficulty sleeping and was given benzodiazepines . 
the am labs revealed at a stable hematocrit and elevated potassium of 5.8 . 
she was re-admitted to the medicine service for further workup of failure to thrive , safety at home . 
his condition improved and patient was transferred to the floor on 4 postoperative days . 
he has been taking his seizure medicine and denies any seizure activity , no ambefore noon ] tongue biting , no ambefore noon ] urinary incontinence , no focal motor/sensory sx 's , no alteration of consciousness . 
post procedure blood pressure were in the 90s from a baseline of 120-140 systolic , attributed to sedation with slow clearance in the setting of liver failure . 
4 ) hypertension : well controlled on home regimen of diovan , hydrochlorothiazide , metoprolol . 
labs were significant for hematocrit 31.8 , complete remission 0.9 , troponin test < .01 , brain natriuretic peptide 2646 ( no baseline comparison ) . 
on day of discharge patient and staff felt safe to discharge patient to rehab with close follow up . 
patient stated she slept on the couch yesterday evening and upon awakening `` had difficulty positioning the legs to stand up . `` 
he was brought for computed tomography brain which showed acute right subdural hematoma with 1.2cm of midline shift as well as a 5cm x 5 cm right frontal intraparenchymal hemorrhage with subfalcine herniation per the last name 1724 radiologist ( this examiner spoke with the radiologist directly . ) 
# fluctuance over too long spine in the area of the spinal stimulator : spinal abscess was ruled out by imaging . 
she was transferred to hospital1 18 for further evaluation and management . 
gastrointestinal : his watery stool was initially trace guaiac positive with a subsequent hematocrit drop , as low as 26 . 
gastrointestinal was called who stated that they would perform esophagogastroduodenoscopy in before noon . 
she reports feeling much improved from previously and states only that she continues to have her cough productive of blood tinged sputum . 
the patient received pantoprazole 80mg intravenous ( although bleed appeared more small-large intestinal ) , two large bore intravenous placed ( 14 and 18 gauges ) . 
the nitroglycerin drip was stopped after intubation and her blood pressure was well controlled while on propofol for sedation . 
they do suspect that he has not been compliant with his medications given his short term memory issues and that this may be intefering with his fluid status . 
she did not some vaginal itch in the emergency room . 
he presented to hospital3 on 6-1 where he was found to be low blood pressure and positive bacterium causing symptoms ranging from watery stool to life-threatening inflammation of the colon . 
# acute on chronic kidney failure : patient has chronic kidney disease with baseline creatinine of 3.5-3.9 and presented with a creatinine of 5.8 and a hemoconcentrated complete blood count . 
in terms of medical therapy amiodarone for rate control and to attempt maintenence of heart beat rhythm determined by the sinus node of heart . 
on hd4 , the patient was discharged to home . 
at time of transfer , the patient continued to require positive end-expiratory pressure of 15 , and fraction of inspired oxygen of 60 to maintain sats in the low 90s . 
name husband and family made patient name 3225 after extensive discussion with critical care unit team and neurology . 
she was placed on pneumocystis carinii pneumonia prophylaxis in the setting of high dose steroids . 
in , the emergency department , the patient received a total of 3l normal saline ; his heart rate responded to intravenous fluids , so he was bolused again . 
he has also been confused occasionally , weaker with two falls at home with no loss of consciousness  level of consciousness or head trauma , and has had poor appetite . 
this change was thought to be multifacted with infection , cancer , medicine ( dilantin new ) , deficiency of oxygen , ? 
the following day , tues , she could n't sleep well secondary to lower back pain . 
patient should receive nebulizer treatments at rehab around the clock for 4-5 days after discharge . 
# nervous system disorder that affects movement 's : he was continued on his home doses of sinemet . 
labs showed stable hemoglobin and hematocrit at 11.3/ 33.2 ( 11.9/34.6 on discontinue friday ) . 
there is evidence of very severe collapse of the airway when breathing with evidence of severe anterior motion of the posterior tracheal wall with just simple suction from the bronchoscope , and almost complete obstruction of the distal windpipe . 
echo was performed which showed heart artery narrowing , mild mitral regurgitation , 3+ tr , and moderate pulmonary hypertension . 
likely etiology of disease that affects the brain felt to be upper gastrointestinal bleed with no sign of infection ( chest x-ray with no sign of pulmonary nodular amyloidosis , no urinary tract infection , no evidence of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis however no ascites obtained ) . 
she had guaiac negative stools in emergency department and in intensive care unit . 
the patient did well post-operatively and was discharged on 7-13 . 
on review of systems , the patient denies chest pain , shortness of breath , dizziness , sensations that heart is pounding , nausea, vomiting, diarrhea , abdominal pain , discomfort when urinating . 
initial blood gas had a measure of the acidity or basicity of 6.91 , a carbon dioxide of 100 , partial pressure oxygen of 48 . 
the patient was kept nothing by mouth due to his aspiration risk . 
the patient is a 70 year old woman transferred from hospital hospital for management of l parieto-occipital brain blooding . 
he had mild intercostal retractions which responded to facial continuous positive airway pressure . 
differential diagnosis for chest pain also includes pulmonary embolism , pulm edema/heart failure , pulmonary nodular amyloidosis , chest pain that affects tissues around your lungs , and gastroesophageal reflux disease . 
during this admission blood cultures , computed tomography torso , bone marrow biopsy and bone scan were all unremarkable , and patient was discharged without a definitive diagnosis . 
as he was only on his angiotensin-converting enzyme for 2 days before discharge , it is unclear whether this will be exacerbated by the medication . 
on admission to the medical intensive care unit , vitals were : 97.8 , 68 , 97/59 , 97 % on room air . 
in the intensive care unit she was placed on two anti-epileptic drugs 's ( dilantin and keppra ) . 
cardiology had been consulted and patient started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted through this and was getting more low blood pressure to low 100 's , so was transferred to cardiology service where he was more aggressively loaded with amiodarone 400 three times a day for a total of one week , with plan to decrease to 400 daily thereafter . 
he has had chronic knee pain for which he takes acetaminophen ; he also takes a nightly ibuprofen-containing sleep aid for insomnia . 
patient was maintained on a hepatic insulin sensitizing substance to maintain normal concentration of sugar in the blood and fingersticks were unremarkable . 
patient was given 500cc normal saline , had basic labs ( no imaging ) . 
patient has been on  total parenteral nutrition for several years , this was discontinued during the beginning of the hospital stay . 
he was transferred to the hospital1 69 for further evaluation . 
his labs were stable and he was discharged home with the appropriated follow-up appointments . 
she was given gentamicin and admitted to the medical intensive care unit . 
the patient was also treatd with warm compresses and decadron given inflammation in retropharyngeal space . 
the culture showed : gram technique used to differentiate two large groups of bacteria based on their different cell wall constituents ( final 2171-11-22 ) : no polymorphonuclear a type of white blood cell seen . 
mr patient is a male with nervous system disorder that affects movement 's status post brain implant transferred from nursing home with malaise , acute mountain sickness , fevers . 
given his post-test estimated probability of pulmonary embolism was 20 % , he was continued on anticoagulation . 
right upper quadrant ultrasound was done that was negative for acute choly . 
he was unable to manage his insulin pump and it was discontinued and he was started on humalog sliding scale and two insulin , he will need to be restarted on his insulin pump when able . 
urinary output was a total of 400 cc while in emergency department . 
she was briefly placed on bilevel positive airway pressure , but became very agitated and removed the bilevel positive airway pressure . 
the cerebellar signs and amnesia , fit well with well-known vulnerability of purkinje neurons and the hippocampus to deficiency of oxygen and carbon monoxide poisoning . 
gastrointestinal bleed on the floor she was initially hemodynamically stable with stable hematocrits . 
a code blue was called , and the patient was intubated for not enough oxygen in blood , but levels of carbon dioxide are close to normal . 
there , national center for health care technology was unremarakable ( both the report and the images , which i reviewed at that time ) and a carotid doppler ultrasound of the carotids study was reportedly without evidence of narrowing . 
age over 90 yo female with history of diastolic congestive heart failurecontinuous and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease who presented with deficiency of oxygen and agitation . 
the patient was placed on bilevel positive airway pressure for a period of time . 
she tolerated the procedure well , was extubated and she was started on strict nothing by mouth after the procedure . 
the combination of increased alcohol use and daily tylenol ( 2-3g for 3 weeks prior to admission ) , however , would likely be enough insult to cause acute chemical-driven liver damage from elevated tylenol levels/decreased clearance of tylenol . 
the patient was started on drug for low blood pressure which was quickly weaned off . 
he was transferred to hospital1 first name8 last name ( titles ) flight and admitted to the intensive care unit . 
patient 20773 is an 82 year old man with a history of idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura and diabetes mellitus type 1 complicated by autonomic postural low blood pressure , recently admitted for 7mm acute traumatic subdural hematoma after fall , was transferred from outside hospital for acute on chronic subdural hematoma with 7mm midline shift status post right burr hole drainage by hospital1 18 neurosurgery . 
patient is a 61 year-old female with hypertension , anemia who was transferred from the hospital unit name 153 with inflammation of the bile duct system and anemia , clinically doing well . 
postoperative days # 0-remained in post-anesthesia care unit 2166-12-29 overnight for brief neoplasm administration , volume resuscitation , unit packed red blood cells , and observation . 
he denies chest pain but states that he has shortness of breath and lightheadedness with exertion . 
she was being on followup and further staging computed tomography scans were done . 
he will be discharged on lasix 50 mg medication is taken by mouth twice a day and will receive 3 sessions of ultrafiltration per week as an outpatient . 
there her initial blood pressure was recorded as 67/45 , heart rate 130 , respiratory rate 24 , temperature 100.8 axillary . 
we started her on oral feeds on 2102-5-15 after she passed a repeat swallow evaluation . 
a hga1c blood test average of blood glucose level ] was checked and was 6.8 . 
53 year old woman with mental status first name ( titles ) last name ( titles ) urinary tract infection status post low sodium concentration in the blood and seizure . 
acute renal failure during this hospitalization might have been pre-renal in the setting of aggressive diuretic use . 
patient transferred to hospital1 18 for further management . 
he had been discharged to rehab on 7-7 after being readmitted post surgery for respiratory arrest . 
he remained hemodynamically stable there overnight with noticeable improvement in his speech . 
aspirin , beta blockade and his statin were resumed . 
in the emergency department at hospital1 18 , notable for sao2= 81 % on room air . 
date range 57887 : on 10-14 patient had tracheostomy tube placed and percutaneous gastrostomy tube placed for feeding . 
oxygen deficiency in tissues and abnormally elevated carbon dioxide levels in the blood improved , patient was extubated after 1.5 days and was subsequently able to maintain good saturations on room air . 
+ dizziness , no syncope , sick / vomiting , diaphoresis or other associated symptoms . 
this was not felt to be due to the cocaine overdose but possibly due to lower-than-average levels of calcium in blood . 
he has not been taking any of his medications including his inhalers or diuretics for the past 3-9 days either ; he reports this is because `` i 'm on too many pills . `` 
she was also scheduled for steroid injection but had to be postponed since she had received plavix in the intensive care unit . 
she has been flipping in and out of abnormal heart rate frequently in the last few months but notes improved control of atrial fibrillation since that hospitalization . 
he was placed on a 1:1 sitter while in house . 
her risk factors for doctor last name included high blood pressure and parathyroid glands create too much parathyroid hormone in the bloodstream . 
a magnetic resonance imaging brain/ magnetic resonance angiography carotids revealed mild-to-moderate brain atrophy and occlusion of the left internal carotid artery at the bifurcation , high-grade narrowing of the right internal carotid bifurcation . 
# prophylaxis : holding heparin , not tolerating boots , continuous proton pump inhibitor # full code . 
he has a chronic cough that has become slightly more productive of yellow sputum . 
on the floor , he continued to spike fevers daily . 
he was protecting his airway with no signs of impending seizures . 
was in her usual state of health when yesterday afternoon ( 7-10 ) she began having a `` choking sensation `` -like pain in her chest . 
they estimated that he may have taken 40mg of oxycontin 2x over period of hours . 
epicardial pacing wires were removed on post-op day three . 
prominent r wave in lead wave in the frontal plane without diagnostic criteria for left ventricular increase of muscle cells . 
this is a 66 year old female who woke up the morning of 2187-4-19 with severe periumbilical abdominal pain , sick and vomitting . 
initially highly active antiretroviral therapy held due to metabolic acidosis in setting of acute renal failure and sepsis . 
the patient had had no chest pain , sensations that heart is pounding , abnormal sweating , sick or vomiting . 
# ethanol abuse : patient states her last drink was about months ago when starting physical rehab for left hip fracture . 
at that time , the family plans to terminally extubate her . 
her repeat noncontrast helical computed tomography at that time showed a very small amount of expansion from her prior outside hospital noncontrast helical computed tomography . 
patient was admitted to neurosurgery on 8-19 and underwent the above stated procedure . 
the patient was instructed at length about the concerning signs and symptoms of bleeds for which he should call the on-call blood doctor/tumors fellow . 
he reports his last chest pain was on 12-10. . 
she went to her primary care provider 's office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water , a blood pressure of 92/50 , heart rate of 105 , so she was sent to the emergency department for evaluation for possible diabetic ketoacidosis . 
the patient was fitted with a bilevel positive airway pressure mask overnight , which he tolerated okay . 
the next day she felt fine , but the following morning , she woke up with severe , sharp , lower abdominal pain ( 7-5 , constant , rlq/rmq ) with pain in her mid back . 
procedure was terminated but able to remove and replace old stent . 
per outpatient urologist , this is consistent with chronic colonization and will be treated with outpatient antibiotics regimen by urologist . 
given the severity of his disease , the heart surgical service was consulted for surgical revascularization . 
diabetes mellitus type ii : today advanced patient 's diet to regular diet as tolerated and resume patient 's outpt insulin 50u every morning + every night at bedtime while regular insulin sliding scale . 
international normalized ratio 2.0 with fibrinogen 104 the blood urea nitrogen-to-creatinine ratio 64/2.9 hematocrit 28 white blood cell count 20 platelets 131 on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , patient is intubated and sedated and unable to provide further history . 
since his discharge on 12-30 , mr. name14 states that he continues to have daily fevers to 102 , which typically resolve with tylenol . 
states has had periodic watery stool , last episode monday , but prior to that had been several weeks . 
year old male with past medical history of epilepsy , substance abuse , prior l1-l2 transverse process fracture and chronic pain who have difficult to control seizures in the setting of a rapid benzodiazepine detoxification and anticonvulsant withdrawal during a planned long-term monitoring admission . 
she was brought to hospital6 4299 and was found to have a small right subdural hematoma . 
heart surgery was consulted and on 12-21 she was taken to the operating room where she underwent repair of anomaolous right coronary artery . 
# diabetes mellitus : patient test measures the amount of blood sugar attached to hemoglobin indicates excellent control of his home diabetes , and patient has had some issues with partially low blood sugar . 
he will be discharged on a proton pump inhibitor at twice daily dosing to complete 1 month afterwhich he will decrease the dose to daily . 
patient was admitted with motor speech disorder , confusion , and decreased hearing in his right ear , and no localizing or lateralizing signs . 
sleep sleep disorder that breathing repeatedly stops and starts - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea , for which she has been on bilevel positive airway pressure in the past . 
on post operative day 9 she was discharged home with visiting nursing association services . 
superficial wound swab cultures eventually demonstrated different strains of coag . 
patient continues to be delirious and is transferred to medicine for further work-up . 
the patient 's course was complicated by atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular rate which responded to diltiazem . 
a computed tomography angiography was negative for pulmonary embolism , and a computed tomography of her head was negative for any acute process . 
patient was complaining of light-headedness but no abdominal pain . 
per wife , patient complained of sick and vomited 2-3x this afternoon . 
patient 3234 was recently transitioned from a fibrate to pravastatin on 2157-1-28 . 
# acute cytomegalovirus infection : her initial presentation with a fever , fatigue , watery stool and diffuse myalgias was initially thought to be consistent with mononucleosis or a similar viral illness . 
the patient was discharged home with hospice on 6-16 . 
she was seen by toxicology who recommended intravenous n-acetyl cysteine and hepatology agreed . 
computed tomography of the chest still showed a left upper lobe mass and mediastinal enlargement of lymph nodes . 
hematocrit 20.6 prior to transfer and received 1 unit packed red blood cells . 
patient was treated with intravenous fluids and airway was monitored . 
blood thinner will be managed by the hospital 112 hospital 14813 clinic . 
started on sepsis protocol and given total of 6.6 l normal saline . 
low sodium concentration in the blood : volume contracting low sodium concentration in the blood as evidenced by picture of dehydration as discussed above . 
dr. last name 3271 requested a neuro consult on the floor . 
# anemia/a low blood platelet count : concern is for persistent bleed into the left lower extremity and possible risk for 
however , on the day he was transferred to the floor he became increasingly shortness of breath . 
he also report an episode of left eye viral conjunctivitis . 
on day of discharge she was found to have a baseline neurologic exam , good pain control , and able to ambulate . 
however , considering patient 's poor prognosis it was decided to put a palliative stent . 
a repeat magnetic resonance imaging at that time was consistent with inflammation developing between the intervertebral discs of spine , osteomyelitis and primarily ventral epidural abscess at t6 , t7 and 3 vertebrae have improved and there is less spinal cord compression compared to 7-29 . 
the patient was doing well with passe muir valve on oxygen cannula until approximately 2 weeks ago when he had an aspiration event . 
patient was started on a regimen of fentanyl patch , morphine insulin resistance interventional , and valium . 
his too slow heart rate resolved ( heart rate 59 on leaving the medical intensive care unit ) and was felt to be due to beta blocker toxicity . 
she is status post implantable cardioverter-defibrillator placement with episodes of implantable cardioverter-defibrillator firing . 
he also reports occasional shortness of breath on exertion over the same time period . 
additionally he received multiple doses albumin with lasix intravenous . 
they recommended aggressive medicine that makes body produce more pee ( negative 2-2.5 liters ) and heparinization for his abnormal heart rhythm . 
possibly going for coronary artery bypass graft - aspirin - bb- high dose statin - will trend heart enzymes until peak . 
in the intensive care unit , a central line was urgently placed . 
dmii- insulin drip initially and transitioned to sliding scale insulin with hospital1 normal pressure hydrocephalus with reasonable glucose control . 
throuhgout his hospital stay , vital signs were routinely monitored . 
on the way to the emergency department she reportedly vomited three to four gallons of clear fluid . 
given numerous allergies to antibiotics she was started on meropenem and vancomycin for hospital acquired lung infection , though aspiration lung infection remained on the differential . 
he was successfully extubated on 11-4 and morphine drip was given with scopolamine patch for comfort measures . 
he underwent a bronchoalveolar lavage on 1-11 which showed strep lung infection . 
she was evaluated by surgery , with review of computed tomography films with radiology , and felt not to have appendicitis . 
acute kidney failure : the patient 's serum creatinine was elevated to 1.9 at outside hospital from a baseline 0.9 . 
on 2141-8-30 tracheostomy was removed ; trach site healed well and patient breathing well with good oxygen saturation . 
there was no blood drainage , gentle pressure was applied for 10 minutes , and a pressure dressing was applied to the wound . 
# prophylaxis : proton pump inhibitor , heparin drops transitioning to year ( 4 digits ) . 
patient reports using 600-1200mg of advil , alleve on top of advil . 
he was also started on digoxin at the outside hospital for his congestive heart failure and was also started on amiodarone . 
patient then underwent an angio on 2170-11-27 which demonstrated no enlargement of the aorta and moderate right and moderate to severe left vertebral artery narrowing . 
she admits to drinking an herbal tea that has a warning of possible liver failure . 
atropine and dopamine were initally instituted and resolved the initial episode but neosynephrine was required to avoid under high heartbeat rhythm . 
anemia : hematocrit was 31 on the last day . 
patient on torsemide 20mg hospital1 at home . 
patient 59405 would no longer be aggressively treated for his medical problems . 
vanco trough was obtained on 2167-2-8 and was withion target range ( 17 ) .pulmonary consult also followed patient while on the floor and recommended pulmonary rehab . 
beta blockade was advanced for rate control and he was started on coumadin . 
he went to the operating room with dr first name4 last name . 
8-7 : abdominal exam worsens , ( + ) right upper quadrant pain , ( + ) rebound . 
dehydration : patient dehydrated on arrival in the setting of low po intake and later on with abundant watery stool . 
pulsus was measured at least hospital1 and was never elevated ; the patient remained asymptomatic through his hospital stay . 
patient was put on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale but did not require benzos throught hospital unit name 153 stay . 
she was transferred to the floor and the step down unit on 2139-1-24 . 
the endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography revealed a gaping papilla consistent with recent stone passage and a normal biliary tree ; a surgery was performed , and sludge was extracted . 
in the emergency room he was found to have a hematocrit of 23.3 . 
he also has essential increased platelet count which is associated with increased white blood cell count counts in situations of inflammatory stress . 
his prograf level was stable at approximately 10 on 4 mg hospital1 . 
the patient had complications of pancreas inflammation , duodenal stump leak and stricture . 
he was neurologically well until the past summer when he started experiencing brief spells of dizziness . 
80 year old female with history of stroke from cerebral amyloid angiopathy who presents with shortness of breathing x 1 week . 
* * as a note , the patient 's lasix regimen was added during this admission , and should be titrated up as appropriate to diurese for his bilateral water on the lungs . 
the following day his creatinine dropped to 1.3 and he was sent for a computed tomography angiography with pulmonary embolism protocol which was indeterminate for pulmonary embolism due to motion artifact but did not show thrombus in the aortoiliac or pelvic veins . 
the decision was made for medical management and the patient was continued on aspirin , statin and beta blocker with nitro prn for chest pain . 
he has recieved 11 units of red blood cells , 2 of fresh frozen plasma , and 4 adenosine monophosphate of bicarbonate for a ph of 6.7 . 
with this finding , vascular surgery was consulted and she was taken to the operating room for a left femoral to relating to the back part of the leg behind the knee joint to below-knee relating to the back part of the leg behind the knee joint bypass . 
her symptoms were felt to be secondary to low sodium concentration in the blood , antiemetics were held and the patient 's headache treated with tylenol as needed . 
no chest pain , blurry vision , watery stool , black tarry stool , vomiting of blood . 
started on heparin drip , and bridged to coumadin in house . 
she was intubated and transferred to the medical intensive care unit at hospital3 1280 hospital where over the course of the next week developed worsening kidney failure as well as liver failure with a creatinine of 3.0 , almost no urine output , and liver function tests in the 7,000s . 
she was discharged home to follow-up with dr. last name 957 in clinic . 
at the outside hospital , concern was for aspiration pneumonia ( chest x-ray demonstrated large right basal lobe and left lower lobe pneumonia ) , so he was started on antibiotics ( vancomycin , zosyn , azithromycin ) . 
echo showed preserved left ventricular ejection fraction with decreased movement inferior wall in the right coronary artery territory . 
his antiretroviral regimen was restarted prior to his discharge . 
5 ) diabetes mellitus : well controlled with poor eating -- recent blood test of 6.6 -- continue lantus , sliding scale , care given poor by mouth . 
an echo showed a severely enlarged left ventricle at 6.3cm with an left ventricular ejection fraction of 55 % and an heart artery valve area of square cm . 
as patient had significant anxiety , was tremulous and diaphoretic , she was restarted on clonazepam 2mg three times a day ( the dose she claimed to be on ) out of concern for withdrawal . 
baseline in 60s-70s during the day . 
71 year old female with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , ethanol liver infection test who presented as a transfer from hospital1 1562 with a lung abscess . 
heparin bolused and drops begun in emergnecy department as patient has missed before noon fondux . 
we started him on coumadin with lovenox bridge for 6 months for prophylaxis against intramural blood clot formation . 
the patient had a history of recurrent laryngeal cancer after completing an initial course of radiation therapy seven years ago . 
the patient was started on broad spectrum antibiotics that were narrowed appropriately . 
patient 26890 was admitted to emergency department from clinic for increasing shortness of breath . 
patient notes that he had a bitter sensation in his throat , after which he began feeling shortness of breath . 
seizure activity abated and she was transfered to hospital1 18 for further care . 
she did not follow up the chronic kidney disease . 
no evidence of liver disease on exam and inr/albumin were preserved . 
however , sputum came back showing oral flora suggestive of his airways being colonized . 
she was stable on post operative day one and transferred to the floor . 
he was monitored carefully in the stepdown unit , and his exam continued to fluctuate , though it overall improved . 
he stated that the pain was exacerbated by deep inspiration . 
bilateral anterior packing was placed by the trauma team without blockage of the bleeding . 
patient 44908 is a 82 year-old woman who has a history of noninsulin dependent diabetes , high blood pressure , excess of cholesterol in the bloodstream who originally presented to an outside hospital the night prior to admission with symptoms of chest pain . 
she had received a flu shot about 1 week prior . 
patient is an 81 year old man with history of aortic valve replacement , intravenous coronary artery bypass graft , recurrent falls over last few months , multiple pnas , initially admitted on 9-30 with fever of unknown origin and diffuse lymphadenopathy . 
iron studies in month ( only ) with low iron , elevated a protein . 
she was perfectly stable on an oxygen face mask and did not require intubation . 
# coronaries : patient has significant risk factors for coronary artery disease , given high blood pressure , peripheral vascular disease , long smoking history , high blood fat , etc . 
he was therefore transferred to hospital1 18 for further care . 
on 2137-3-1 he proceeded to the operating room with dr. last name and underwent a coronary artery bypass graft x 3 with the heart bypass vessel , saphenous vein graft to the obtuse marginal , and saphenous vein graft to the right coronary artery . 
* methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus presence of bacteria in the blood : patient found to have infected right subclavian line with 4/4 blood cultures ( + ) for methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus . 
confirms auditory hallucinations telling her to wreak vengeance on herself . 
patient denies any sore throat , sinus pain or bleeding from the nose . 
at radius on the day of admission to hospital1 , they were unable to access his arteriovenous fistula . 
patient 59201 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118-9-13 for surgical management of his heart artery valve heart valve disease . 
since that time a new 31mm corevalve has been made available . 
her blood pressure was 80/40 and heart rate was in the 50 's . 
on 9-8 code status was discussed with mr. g 's wife and extended family members present . 
intake since his discharge and he has noticed his left leg continues to remain swollen . 
there was also moderate narrowing of the mitral valve opening with moderate heart diseases . 
she resentd with recurrent abdominal pain initiall thought to be pelvic inflammatory disease . 
# hypertension - elevated blood pressure on admission , was given metoprolol in the emergency department without much effect , but also in setting of volume overload . 
however at the time of discharge to the surgery service , she was still feeling fearful , suffering from the mental condition of paranoia and unsafe to go home . 
inflammatory bowel disease : patient is status post multiple surgeries with short gut and an connects ileum to abdominal wall on chronic total parenteral nutrition . 
low blood pressure : low blood pressure likely in part due to early sepsis ( and possibly relative adrenal insufficiency , as below ) from c. bacteria infection requiring aggressive intravenous fluids resuscitation and brief medical intensive care unit admission . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , the patient was unresponsive and unable to give a history . 
the patient was found to be in pulseless electrical activity , and cardiopulmonary first aid was begun . 
the patient is a 45-year-old male with end stage of a chronic liver disease and history of recent brain function is harmed because the liver is unable to remove toxins from the blood , abnormal buildup of fluid in the belly , spontaneous bacterial peritonitis , serious complication of liver cirrhosis with critically poor prognosis and grade i enlarged veins in the esophagus . 
of note , her lung cancer involves the right upper lobe mass and adjacent hilar/mediastinal/supraclavicular nodes . 
echo showed severe heart artery insufficiency with a preserved left ventricular ejection fraction . 
for surgical details , please see seperate dictated operative note . 
the operation was without complications , and the patient was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit for hourly flap checks . 
his vital signs prior to transfer back to hospital1 18 were systolic blood pressure in the 120 's and heart rate in the 80 's . 
she was started on vancomycin and meropenem and agressively volume resuscitated with normal saline intravenous fluids . 
in the intensive care unit , medicine that makes body produce more pee was continued with a lasix drip as her bicarb had normalized . 
he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock . 
80 female with multiple medical problems , including coronary artery disease , congestive heart failure , peripheral vascular disease , type 2 diabetes , who presented with a near syncopal episode , fever , elevated white blood cell , some sick today with poor by mouth intake who was found to have gram-positive cocci bacteremia and non-st-elevation myocardial infarction on 9-17. . 
chronic pain was also consulted to help manage his home pain regimen , especially when a final diagnosis of metastatic cancer came back on path . 
her vehicle hit a car that crossed the median . 
a blockage of an artery in the lungs was noted on the admission computed tomography scan . 
at that time the lesion expressed a large amount of largely serous fluid . 
her mental status and oxygen improved as her sodium bicarbonate normalized . 
on review of systems , he denies pain other than his baseline musculoskeletal complaints . 
51 female with history significant for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with multiple admissions to hospital3 2737 who was again admitted there on 2160-9-10 for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation . 
female multiple intensive care unit admissions for problemname 115 respiratory function including repiratory arrest requiring intubation who was most recently transferred back to the medical intensive care unit on 1-3 with increased secretions and decreased functional respiratory reserve , concerning for neurologic induced weakness . 
on day 7 , she was discharged to home in stable condition after central venous line removal without incident . 
she was taken to the hospital1 18 emergency room for evaluation by emergency medical service . 
further evaluation included pulmonary consultation given his severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . 
# metastatic thyroid cancer : patient with a widespread history of mets to the brain , bone , lungs . 
anal manometry study was performed 1-17 and found be normal with some hypersensitivity to balloon cardiac catheterization procedure . 
his respiratory status improved with oxygen saturations of 96-99 % on room air from requiring lymph node cell . 
they are wary to perform angiography on the leg given patient 's kindey function . 
the paramedics noted a systolic blood pressure in the 70 's which responded to intravenous fluids . 
she was started on treatment for hepatorenal syndrome with midodrine and octreotide . 
he subsequently developed ongoing bleeding and underwent computed tomography angiography which revealed chronic digestive disease and bleeding from right sided colon . 
a recent chest computed tomography and lung ability test with dr. last name 575 suggested her symptoms are more than expected for primary lung disease . 
his chest tubes were discontinued pod5 without complication . 
discussions were held with the hospital 228 health care proxy , name 319 name 19442 ( name 802 ) , and code status was changed to comfort measures only . 
she had limited abduction of her right pupil and was only able to move her right arm against gravity . 
# diabetes : he was discharged home on a regimen of insulin 12-10 . 
on 2136-5-29 the patient presented to the hospital with a small bowel obstruction . 
computed tomography angiography of the head on 10-30 was reviewed and was negative for narrowing of the arteries . 
by this time her or wound cultures from 2168-3-2 confirmed 'beta group a streptococcus ' and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin intravenous per identifying data recommendations . 
a blood culture resulted on 10-2 and showed gpc giant papillary conjunctivitis in 3-26 bottles . 
she was readmitted on 11-18 after being noted to have fever to 100 at ch in association with abdominal pain . 
0 year old man with remote history upper gastrointestinal bleeding , known diverticulosis who presented with bright red blood per rectum at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in-house with significant hematocrit drop 1 ) lower gastrointestinal bleed secondary to diverticulosis several episodes bright red blood per rectum ( 7-9 ) on admission to the floor , noted to have hematocrit drop from 41 -- > 36.6 as well as syncopal episode . 
# fluids, electrolytes, and nutrition : nothing by mouth for now with intravenous fluids until deemed stable . 
an lumbar puncture was not performed at this time due to risk of deadly side effect of very high pressure within the skull with the present subdural hematoma . 
she was initially admitted to the hospital unit name 153 where she was warmed up to a normal body temperature and subsequently transferred to the floor . 
blood cultures were drawn and she was started on a diltiazem drops . 
he was eventually transferred to the regular nursing unit . 
she did well there , and was discharged to home today on multiple medications , including oxycodone and ativan . 
maternal history was significant for less amniotic fluid volume which was self- resolved . 
her headaches sound consistent with intracranial low blood pressure given their positional nature and suggest continued cerebrospinal fluid leak and symptomatic abnormal collection of cerebrospinal fluid . 
cancer that occurs in the esophagus : ongoing slang for chemotherapy and last name ( lf ) 16859 , first name3 ( lf ) oncology . 
patient on pentobarb unconsciousness - no corneals , gag or motor response to pain at that time . 
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation : patient started on ceftriaxone , levaquin , and intravenous methylprednisolone, a medicine on admission and required bilevel positive airway pressure . 
# altered mental status : the patient at baseline is believed to be alert and oriented x 2 . 
initial lung scoping showed some blood in the bronchi , so the patient received 24hrs of high-dose steroids . 
he initially required pressor support but has improved from a blood flow perspective and was called out to the floor . 
he was taken to the operating room where he underwent a mitral valve replacement using a sternotomy . 
right big toe -- during the admission , after his acute issues had resolved , mr . 
based on sensitivities , patient will complete a total of 10 days of zosyn for treatment . 
patient is the former 2.395 kg product of a 35-5/7 week gestation pregnancy born to a 22-year-old g1 1 pregnancy, 0  survived to a gestational age of 24 weeks woman . 
records show that her blood pressure on day of transfer was 90s-130s/40s-60s . 
he will follow-up at hospital1 112 with dr. last name 32963 . 
she was on hormonal therapy as well as exgeva . 
he sustained multiple stab wounds to the anterior and posterior chest , scalp , and left arm . 
7.22/41/294/18 , so respiratory rate was increased to 22 . 
# stage iii non-small-cell lung carcinoma with brain mets : continued seizures medicines , dexamethasone , as necessary oxycodone . 
he was emergently taken to the operating room for a small holes that a neurosurgeon makes in the skull for evacuation of his subdurals . 
baby girl name2 40351 is a term female infant , born by incision in belly for maternal indications , who is ready to transfer to the newborn nursery . 
he was started on zyvox 4 days prior to this presentation . 
a stereotactic a biopsy procedure was performed on 2-12 , and the patient failed to extubate due to respiratory distress and agitation . 
6-7 : feverish , fiber added to the tube feed secondary to persistent watery stool . 
because the patient remained intubated and sedated , and no neurological assessment could be made , a computed tomography head was obtained that demonstrated significant cerebral edema but no evidence of intracranial hemorrhage , side effect of very high pressure within the skull or inadequate blood supply . 
the blood doctor /oncology service was consulted , and per their recs the patient received iv form of the mineral iron , vitamin b12 injections , folate , epogen 20,000 units three times per week . 
47 year old male presented with 8/10 mid-sternal chest pain x40 min to outside hospital . 
patient 84323 was admitted to the hospital1 18 spine surgery service on 2124-5-30 and taken to the operating room for vertebra release through an anterior approach . 
this abscess was drained under interventional radiology guidance on hospital day 7 , using a pig-tail catheter . 
# deficiency of oxygen - at time of presentation , the patient had subacute progressive worsening of shortness of breath . 
it is likely that this is colonization from her ischial wounds . 
the sensation was worsened with head movements and present in all positions . 
he noted that with this , he began to have increasing urinary retention with lower abdominal discomfort . 
the wound vac dressing was last changed 11-8 , the patient was discharged with dressing in place and vacuum to resume on arrival to home . 
she was started on gentamicin and clindamycin for intrapartum fever . 
54 year old male d/c discharged from hospital1 18 with diagnosis of infection of lungs on 9-10 returns 9-11 with report of shortness of breath , desaturation , and worsening pulmonary edema from outside hospital and rehab . 
he remained asymptomatic despite his anemia and continued to maintain good dynamics of blood flow . 
over several days , he continued to make clinical improvements with medicine that makes body produce more pee and was medically cleared for discharge on postoperative day four . 
38 year old female with history of of type i diabetes mellitus , food stays in stomach for longer than it should requiring frequent hospitalizations who presented to emergency department on 4-11 because her fingerstick was extremely high ( `` unable to measure `` by device for determining the approximate concentration of glucose in the blood ) , + body urinates more than usual , + excessive thirst , sick with emesis , and headache . 
after this , his hematocrit remained stable for the next 3 days . 
patient was transferred to the floor on hd2/pod1 . 
patient past history is remarkable for stage 3 rectal cancer , status post pelvic exenteration performed in 2187 at an outside hospital with a subsequent development of an enterocutaneous abnormal connection between two body parts in the perineum . 
heart catheterization done on 7-19 showed normal circumflex with some diffuse disease of the left anterior descending and 99 % right coronary artery and a small but normal circumflex . 
at the time of discharge , the patient was taking 41 unit lantus each night , with 3 unit pre-prandial humalog . 
# elevated a enzyme : in the differential was bowel obstruction as etiology though more likely is pancreas inflammation , no sick , vomiting , some epigastric pain of your upper belly , could be pancreas inflammation caused by medications , or potential autoimmune . 
he developed serious complication of liver cirrhosis with critically poor ( creatinine 6.0 , international normalized ratio 7.0 and measures indirect bilirubin and direct bilirubin both 52 ) and contrast disease of the kidneys . 
he was admitted to the intensive care unit and started on vancomycin , zosyn , and levofloxacin to cover for possible soft tissue ( leg ulcer ) and respiratory sources ( aspiration postnatal age ; pneumonia ) . 
upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the emergency department the patient reported 3-25 chest pain and his electrocardiogram was notable for finding on an electrocardiogram in waves . 
she will continue on aspirin 325 , plavix , statin , and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor . 
she has a follow up appointment with dr. last name , her outpatient nephrologist , in 2160-6-17. . 
however , 1-2 weeks prior to presentation patient reported increasing fatigue , weakness , and shortness of breath . 
the computed tomography scan showed a left superior cerebellar stroke which they felt was subacute . 
she was admitted to hospital 794 hospital yesterday with shortness of breath and increased oxygen requirement . 
please see dr.name 81819 history and physical for full detail . 
kidney : low sodium concentration in the blood - improved with free water restriction to 1 liter . 
2 ) lung blood clot : following transfer to the general medical floor , given persistent sinus tachycardia and mild oxygen requirement , a chest omputed tomography angiography was obtained , which revealed a left lower lobe pulmonary embolism . 
she will have a repeat chest x-ray  and pulmonary function test 's in one month to monitor her lung function once pneumocystis pneumonia treatment has finished . 
the patient was weaned off sedation on hemodialysis # 2 . 
before he got a chance to take his high-dose prednisone , he decided to come to the emergency department . 
given the risk of bleeding with oral vitamin k antagonists in amyloid proteins called amyloid build up on the walls of the arteries in the brain , the decision was made to not proceed with coumadin , but rather use aspirin for secondary stroke prevention . 
name10 breathing improved on the steroids and once again noticed difficulty breathing and excessive coughing once off the steroids . 
diuretics were temporarily withheld as medical therapy was optimized . 
# acid/base status : arterial blood gas 7.16/50/75/19 , age 13 on day of admission . 
she will be followed for coumadin dosing by dr last name and first international normalized ratio draw will be monday 2-24 with international normalized ratio goal 2.5-3.5 for mechanical mitral valve . 
there was a question of fulminant necrotizing fasciitis of the perineum and genital region of the scrotum which was debrided by urology in the operating room . 
id was consulted who recommended caspofungin initially and then a course of fluconazole to continue while procedure for putting a tube into your gallbladder to drain fluid is in place . 
sputum recultured from 2113-8-6 is growing gram negative rod , unspeciated at this point . 
this improved when his medicine that makes body produce more pee was halted and he has remained relatively having normal amount of body fluids without supplemental lasix . 
her heart electrical activity detection showed slow , regular heartbeat but was otherwise normal . 
she underwent repeat esophagogastroduodenoscopy by gastrointestinal which demonstrated an actively oozing avm which was treated with cautery . 
with hypertension , diabetes mellitus , excess of cholesterol in the bloodstream and history of ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm who presented with chest pain this a.m. and was found to have an inferior st elevation myocardial infarction with total occlusion of right coronary artery . 
# left ethmoid cancer : patient with prescription with resection/radiation in past ; recent recurrence as prescribed with resection . 
tried intravenous amiodarone load , but without change from aflutter in 140s , discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control , with doses varying from 75 three times a day to 100 four times a day , with caution regarding blood pressure ( mostly systolic blood pressure 100-130 ) and concern for potential to throw a clot if converted to sinus given not anticoagulating in setting of gastrointestinal bleed . 
# id : possible sources of infection included lungs infection , versus abnormal connection between the lower portion of large intestine and vagina versus inflammation of the membranes resulting in a septic picute . 
during the time in the erectile dysfunction , it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 2824 . 
5 days ago patient experienced 12-31 loose non bloody bowel movements per day , assocaiated with mild occasional lower abdominal pain . 
we dose reduced her to 40mg and she tolerated this change . 
post catheterization she had an device that helps the heart pump blood placed and was transferred to the coronary care unit for monitoring . 
at the time of admission , the patient noted that he had recently been started on an ace inhibitor approximately at the time of his discharge from hospital6 3953 . 
initially high blood pressure , he initially required intravenous labetolol and nipride . 
he was taken emergently to hospital3 4107 where he underwent a head computed tomography which showed a left basal ganglia bleed ; his blood pressures on presentation were 190's/110s ( treated there with intravenous injection ) . 
postoperative days # 4 patient cleared for home with services . 
vascular saw the patient and did not feel that there was an acute need for an invasive procedure . 
patient received white blood cells separating from a sample of blood , and anti-cancer agent with white blood cell count decreasing from 170 initially to 51 thousand . 
she will have this followed up by her cardiologist . 
a procedure done to removing fluid that has built up in the sac around the heart was performed on 8-6 , and he was transferred to the coronary care unit following the procedure . 
we suspected possible drug allergy to zosyn , and his antibiotic regimen was changed to his current regimen of levofloxacin , metronidazole , and vancomycin with resolution of fever and improved white blood cell count count . 
she was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit after a neurosurgical consult was obtained and a right device that drains excess cerebrospinal fluid from the head drain was placed at the bedside under sterile conditions . 
he remained in slow release and was discharged to home with visiting nursing association services on postoperative days # 5 . 
since the patient was satting mid 90s on room air the trach was capped . 
the patient saw his primary care provider in the office and received an heart electrical activity detection which was reported as being abnormal . 
mr.patient 1001 last name ( titles ) ruled out with 2 sets of negative enzymes . 
hypertension - restarted lisinopril , bblocker once blood pressure was stable . 
emergency medical service was dispatched and the patient was transported to hospital6 1760 where a head computed tomography showed a positive stroke and bifrontal contusion . 
digestive was consulted in emergency department who recommended bringing down his international normalized ratio , transfusing as needed , and esophagogastroduodenoscopy once stablilized . 
a repeat computed tomography scan performed several hours later showed collapse of the left lung . 
endocrine was consulted and they rec received synthroid 50 , and outpatient endometriosis at location 2274 to be scheduled while patient is at hospital3 13990 . 
iron deficiency anemia : he was noted to have iron deficiency anemia and treated with intravenous iron replacement in the hospital . 
at this point , her magnetic resonance imaging scan of the brain shows a fairly large brain tumor located in the right temporal lobe which measures at least 4 cm with mass effect and right uncal herniation . 
she underwent an echo which showed moderate abnormal buildup of fluid in the lungs . 
post operatively she remained intubated and was brought to the intensive care unit . 
given no gram positive cocci on bronchoalveolar lavage , did not cover staph auerus ( methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus ) . 
in the emergency department , initial vital signs were : temperature : 97.9 , pulse rate : 70 blood pressure : 197/122 , respiratory rate : 14 . 
swallowing difficulties : attributed to his underlying parkinson nervous system disorder and cognitive decline . 
this is a 71-year-old woman without a history of coronary artery disease , who presents to this emergency department from home after noticing substernal chest pain . 
after receiving the diazepam in the emergency department , he became calmer and more sleepy , possibly due to the librium starting to take effect . 
he was intubated for airway protection during transport and was given 10 mg medicine and 100 mg medicine at 5 pm , and placed on a propofol drip . 
postoperatively he was taken to the intensive care unit for monitoring . 
he is discharged with outpatient psychiatric follow up at university/college 23633 on 2108-6-11 . 
serum anti-spermatozoa antibody , drug , drug , drug negative . 
overnight on 1-11 , patient reported severe headache that was relieved with intravenous dilaudid . 
extubated early the following morning in slow release on indulin and neo drips . 
in the ambulance , had runs of ventricular tachycardia on and off with antitachycardia pacing . 
noninvasive test were performed that revealed compromise of blood flow to the middle cerebral artery which raised the question of severe fetal anemia . 
she will follow up with dr. last name 497 on 2176-9-13. . 
during her initial wave of palliative radiation to cervical/thoracic spine , she also developed similar symptoms which resolved on steroid therapy that was subsequently stopped about 3 weeks ago . 
she states her mother 's mental status has been progressively declining since her discharge from the hospital on 1-22 . 
indwelling catheter was d/c discontinued , as was her central line . 
by the time of discharge on postoperative days * * * * the patient was ambulating freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics . 
it was felt her bleeding was likely from the portal stomach diseases in setting of recent ethanol use . 
on postoperative days # 1 she was started on betablockade , lasix and statin therapy . 
status post intercostal drain and lead extraction on 2109-11-19 , patient has remained hemodynamically stable , afebrile , no signs of systemic infection . 
the procedure was done via the right radial approach . 
they recommended lantus 14 unit every night at bedtime and insulin sliding scale , as well as metformin . 
a heart catheterization was performed showing a totally occluded left anterior descending artery which was incompletely opened with angioplasty . 
orthopedics was consulted for his right medial malleolus fracture ; he was taken to the operating room on 2171-9-4 for open reduction and internal fixation . 
she was given integrilin x 18 hours and heparin drops . 
work-up included glucose tolerance test ultrasound and liver magnetic resonance imaging per above . 
74-year-old right-handed woman with a history of right-sided superior middle cerebral artery stroke and right-sided subdural hematoma presents with left-sided facial droop , left-sided upper and leg weakness in a umn pattern , left-sided neglect , and left-sided extinction to double touch . 
she was given lasix 80mg intravenous , by mouth mucomyst , placed on a non-rebreather and had a pulmonary embolism protocol ct. she was then transferred to the hospital unit name 153. . 
he then had a bleeding scan which was negative . 
patient was discharged with instructions to return for heart electrical activity detection within one week of discharge , to see primary care provider in followup for chemistries and complete blood count ( while on indomethacin ) within one week , and to return to see doctor in heart within two weeks to review heart electrical activity detection results . 
he continued to spike low grade fevers prompting a repeat infectious workup without any identifiable source so infectious doctor was consulted . 
fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his mental status improved . 
patient is a 72 y/o male with past medical history of coronary artery disease , congestive heart failure , peripheral vascular disease with stent leg ( ? 
he was admitted to the intensive care unit for further monitoring . 
she was seen by psychologist on 2187-8-23 and started on olanzapine 2.5mg hospital1 with improvement . 
patient had flat jugular venous pressure and warm extremities , no evidence of closure . 
the following morning ( 7-13 ) , the patient became low blood pressure at around 11am with blood pressure 80/40 and was nonpassage of urine . 
post procedure room air pressure went drom 15- > 10 pericardial pressure from 15- > 3 . 
74-year-old male with history hypertension , papillary kidney cell cancer status post resection ( partial surgical removal of a kidney and pancreas removed with a surgery for removal of possible mass , later presumed to represent chronic inflammation of the pancreas ) 2123-11-1 , extensive tobacco history , and remote history of migraine , presenting with headache and unsteadiness . 
the patient is a 45 year-old number of times been pregnant 5 number of births 1 , last menstrual period 2131-7-11 who presented with severe dysmenorrhea and dysfunctional uterine bleeding . 
with initiation of dialysis / ultrafiltration and aggressive fluid removal he was able to be weaned to trach mask . 
his hospital course by systems until the events on 12-13 is as 
# neuro : given the limited history , it was initially difficult to assess whether symptoms represented a new restriction in blood supply event versus recrudescence of old stroke symptoms in setting of acute medical problems versus seizure with postictal state versus toxic-metabolic . 
another computed tomography of the belly was done on 1-25 showing increased surrounding the liver and around the spleen abnormal buildup of fluid . 
insensitivity to pain gave him two doses of narcan with no response . 
admitted to medical intensive care unit for further management after receiving solumedrol 125 mg intravenous x 1 . 
after stabilizing in intensive care unit , off bilevel positive airway pressure and on doing well on right atrium he was sent to the medicine floor . 
the patient was then transferred to the coronary care unit service for medical management in anticipation of possible percutaneous coronary intervention later in the admission . 
patient 's management at outside hospital was additionally complicated by kidney failure with a creatinine bump from 1.1 to 2.7 , thought possibly to be 3-20 contrast nephropathy from computed tomography on 3-18 . 
also on home benzodiazepines , could be benzo withdrawal . 
in the emergency department , he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate , insulin , sodium bicaronate , and kayexelate . 
was dialyzed on third hospital day as above with spike in temperature . 
this was thought to be relating to illness caused by medical examination or treatment 1-15 stenting and possible jailing of the diagonal , so he was started on heparin drip and treated for st elevation myocardial infarction . 
electrocardiogram demonstrated persistent st elevations in the precordial leads with some decrease in magnitude of the elevation from prior electrocardiogram 's , and with q-waves as well . 
cerebral spinal fluid herpes simplex virus and venereal disease research laboratory pending at time of transfer . 
the patient was extubated on 2112-7-16 , hemodialysis # 2 , without event . 
lumbar puncture performed 1-1 showed no evidence of infection . 
patient ' long history of prednisone for refractory anemia , in context of low blood pressure and high heartbeat rhythm associated with these episodes . 
the patient was amiodarone loaded with 150mg then started on 1mg/min drops . 
respiratory : patient was temporary intubated for agitation after having temp pacer . 
74 year old female with an extensive smoking history , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease not on medications , presenting with progressively worsening shortness of breath and cough consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation , and found to have non-st-elevation myocardial infarction on admission . 
the patient 's chief complaint was right flank pain . 
at the time of discharge the patient was able to ambulate while on room air without desaturation . 
she was treated empirically with vanc/zosyn which was narrowed to cefepime ; this was discontinued prior to discharge . 
she has not been on any prolonged trips , had any recent surgeries , been immobilized recently , and has never felt a pain similar to this one . 
she denied any abdominal pain and had a benign abdominal exam . 
does note some numbness in his toes x 1 year that was previosly evaluated by his doctor . 
he initially had a poor response , but by postoperative day five started to make significant urine and was changed to a lasix drip . 
electrocardiogram did not show peaked t waves , but rate was 130-150s , left axis deviation , left ventricular hypertrophy , st depression i , augmented vector left , ii , waves . 
male with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer with mets to brain admitted with shortness of breath . 
a total of 40 unit of fresh frozen blood and unit of platelets were given throughout the active episodes of gastrointestinal bleed . 
she was given sodium bicarbonate for treatment of her acetylsalicylic acid overdose as per protocol . 
for management of her rib fractures pain control and procedures that help to clear your airways of mucus and other secretions have been the primary goal . 
# blood 's potassium levels are too low : patient 's k was repleted in setting of ethanol use & withdrawal . 
amiodarone is known to rarely cause pancreatitis ; the patient 's amiodarone was held and was not restarted on discharge . 
when his vision did not return he went to the primary care provider where he was found to have his blood pressure in the 200 's . 
the infant emerged with a good cry , was dried , bulb suctioned and given blow-by oxygen to maintain pink color . 
gastrointestinal : patient with history of liver disease , liver cancer status post month/day ( 3 ) 54267 . 
acute cholecystitis : patient have right upper quadrant pain , white cell above the normal range , and low-grade fever at her rehab . 
iron studies revealed normal iron level , total iron-binding capacity of 263 , ferritin 308 . 
# chronic kidney disease on blood filtering : she was continued on blood filtering with goal to remove excess fluid with ultrafiltration . 
he fell several more times and dislocated his shoulder . 
afterwards , a collection of blood outside of blood vessels under the left pectoralis , which was thought to be related to the manipulation . 
a subdural drain was placed in the operating room and leveled at shoulder . 
her coumadin was held , but her international normalized ratio did not adequately come down likely secondary to dietary vitamin k deficiency so she received additional by mouth vitamin k with good response of her international normalized ratio . 
she denies any associated chest pain , shortness of breath , abnormal sweating , heart pounding , shortness of breath when lying flat , shortness of breath when sleeping . 
this morning she gave him breakfast - he ate well and was communicative , and did not appear to be choking . 
per rehab notes , patient with low-grade fever on 9-23 , condition that causes swollen arteries , chest x-ray  with bibasilar collapse of a lung . 
from a respiratory standpoint she continued to require oxygen alternating between device used to deliver supplemental oxygen and oxygen face mask . 
the patient is a 51 year old male with liver infection caused by the hepatitis c virus , right lobe liver cancer , status post radiofrequency ablation on 2154-5-1 who presents preop for a liver transplant in a.m . 
was brought to hospital 1281 hospital for temporary stabilization before transfer to hospital1 18 for continuity of care with patient 's cardiologist dr. last name 5686. . 
the patient was admitted on 6-14 for test and resection of a duodenal mass . 
proportion of red blood cells were followed initially every four hours and then every 12 hours when levels stabilized . 
an magnetic resonance imaging of his internal auditory canal was performed which showed enhancement of the facial nerve . 
during her stay in the intensive care unit , transaminitis recurred and was thought to be direct toxicity from one of the broad spectrum drugs she was receiving , likely ambisome . 
female with condition in which his thyroid gland does n't produce enough of certain crucial hormones , history of obesity now status post bypass causing anemia requiring intravenous iron q3months , and history of supraventricular tachycardia in the past presents with shortness of breath and leg swelling . 
three days later on 2121-10-12 , he was admitted with chest pain and shortness of breath to hospital6 3872 . 
throughout the operating room , the patient remained stable in blood supply and afebrile . 
infectious disease , she was started on a course of ampicillin and gentamicin . 
# infection in lungs : the patient was admitted date range 77005 to hospital 4199 hospital with bilateral upper lobe infection in lungs and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation . 
she also has a positive troponin , but had no chest pain or electrocardiogram changes and no aspirin was given due to the bleeding . 
18 year old gentleman who was admitted to the acute care service complains of abdominal pain after he was struck in the right flank by another playing while he was playing hockey . 
a torso computed tomography scan performed there was otherwise unremarkable . 
male with history of non-ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy ( left ventricular ejection fraction 20 % ) , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , who presents with shortness of breath , worsening acutely today while at home , but getting progressively worse since 2-13 . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , patient 's vital signs were 97.7 , heart rate 96 , blood pressure 137/72 , respiratory rate 15 , 98 % room air . 
was evaluated extensively and pan scanned but no etiology of bleeding found . 
transplant team pulled his hemodialysis line and tip was sent for culture . 
review of computed tomography belly by radiologist with transplant surgery resident showed no concern for inflammation of the large intestine . 
there was a normal fetal survey at 21 weeks . 
he was noted to have decompensated dilated cardiomyopathy with a 2d-echo showing 3+ mitral regurgitation with an left ventricular ejection fraction of 15-20 % . 
due to concern for high clot burden in bilateral upper extremities , patient was placed on anticoagulation with coumadin . 
the decision had been made prior to surgery to have the patient evaluated by cardiology for potential mitral procedure to repair a heart valve as the patient was felt to be a good candidate for this . 
he was subsequently started on a labetolol drip with blood pressure decreasing slightly . 
hospice was considered but not initiated as the patient was not fully understanding of the extent of his illness . 
her belly was left open with the plans to take back and re-explore in 24 hours to reevaluate several questionable areas of potentially inadequate flow of oxygenated blood to the intestines . 
fen-previous electroylte abnornalities were all consistent with watery stool and decreased volume of circulating blood including decrease in total body water with greater decrease in total body sodium and loss of bicarbonate in watery stool . 
during these two days , he also noted subjective fevers , chills and a poor appetite . 
on 7-13 he was noted with increasing liver function test and lipase ; magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography was performed which showed worsening pancreatic necrosis and edema as well as worsening bleeding collections around the pancreas ( at this time he was coagulopathic with an international normalized ratio of ~6 ) . 
name is a 49 year-old man who by vocation is a car salesman who is known to have inflammation of the liver for about 15 to 19 years . 
bilateral basal opacities were seen initially in the postoperative period on chest x-ray . 
she was given blow-by by mouth and facial continuous positive airway pressure . 
the emergency department consulted cardiology , who were not surprised by the very mild trop elevation in the setting of likely seizure / high heart beat rhythm in a patient with known heart disease ; they recommended trending the troponin and electrocardiogram ( though not very useful with extensive conduction system disease ) and controling systolic blood pressure < 140 and hr < 80 with intravenous mtp ; possible stress test . 
patient was given 40 intravenous lasix with minimal response . 
pt was transferred from the intensive care unit to the floor and the jackson-pratt drain was d/c discontinued . 
patient had low platelets , heparin was dc discontinued . 
beta blockade and further diuresis were begun the morning after surgery . 
in the critical care unit on transfer he felt well other than fatigue and shortness of breath . 
his aggrenox and plavix were held as patient was going for image-guided placement of drainage catheter into gallbladder lumen and had been guaiac positive . 
will continue at current dose , recheck thoughts of self-harm as outpatient . 
the right coronary artery had 90 % narrowing just before getting off the posterior descending artery . 
he was closely followed by identifying data , lungs , and electrophysiology procedure . 
# coronary artery disease : pt had elevated tn , in setting of severe bradycardia , heart rate 17-20s . 
of note in her primary care provider office she was given 2 days of azithro and mucinex without improvement . 
age over 90 female with coronary artery disease ( status post percutaneous coronary intervention 2165 ) , congestive heart failurecontinuous ( ejection fraction 40 % ) , hypertension , type 2 diabetes , chronic kidney disease stage iv , and history of distant breast cancer who presented to the emergency department with worsening lower back pain . 
following surgery she was brought to the cardiovascular intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition . 
it also showed an anteroapical inadequate blood supply that was new . 
89 year old russian speaking male with coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft in 2169 , medically managed non-st-elevation myocardial infarction 9-/2182 , atrial fibrillation ( not on coumadin ) , high heartbeat rhythm/too slow heart rate syndrome status post dual chamber permanent pacemakers 2175 , diabetes mellitus , congestive heart failure ( ejection fraction 45-50 % ) , and peripheral vascular disease who presented to the hospital1 18 emergency department with progressive shortness of breath over the last 3 days . 
discussion began regarding end of life care and palliative care was consulted . 
50 year old female with no significant past medical history who is being admitted to the hospital unit name 153 for profuse vaginal bleeding with low blood pressure . 
she was discharged to rehab for continued recovery of her physical function . 
all sedation was held to get a more appropriate neurologic examination . 
trop continued to trend upwards without chest pain or findings on electrocardiogram . 
of note , she reports that she is already followed by a retinal specialist at the massachusetts eye and ear infirmary for her macular degeneration . 
lungs : the patient was transferred to hospital1 18 intubated . 
repeat computed tomography scan showed fluid around the heart artery graft . 
she was tranferred to hospital1 18 for further management . 
also being treated for health care-associated pneumonia ( vanc/cefepime/flagyl for health care-associated pneumonia ( d1=8-28 for 8 days ) . 
target under low-density lipoprotein 70 , but at 78 and this was not perfect non-fasting level . 
she was weak aggressively for this , and will follow up with a chest x-ray next week . 
patient 107587 is an 84-year-old man with hoarse voice and left vocal cord paralysis . 
he had a chest computed tomography demonstrating his known excess fluid between the layers of the pleura outside the lungs but no infiltrates . 
desmopressin acetate was avoided out of concern for worsening condition of low blood platelet count . 
outside hospital speciation and sensitivies showed a bacteria a hormone sensitive to amp/sulbactam . 
with these interventions , his sodium remained stable and ws beginning to trend back to normal by discharge . 
she was given the recommendation of followup with her primary care and cardiologist in location 3844 when she returned home . 
patient 31624 is a 68 year old female transferred from outside hospital with persistent inflammation in the bile duct/biliary obstruction status post patient stent x 3 for malignant biliary stricture at level of common liver duct extending to lung roots . 
by emergency medical service report on the scene she was physically restrained by police officers and covered in feces , apparently her boyfriend admitted that she had been drinking for the past week . 
a head computed tomography was obtained and showed no acute change in comparrison to previous head computed tomography 's . 
while on the critical care unit floor , patient was switched to dobutamine and dopamine with the plan to eventually add nitroglycerin drop . 
catheterization showed severe three vessel disease and a left ventricular blood pumping score of 38 % . 
the patient reports a month long period of exertional severe pain in the chest manifested as chest pain with radiation to the midback , relieved with rest . 
on depakote at nursing home , but seizure history unclear . 
right leg ultrasound was limited due to patient 's permanent tightening of tissues , but no obvious deep vein thrombosis . 
during his stay , a a surgical operation tube was also placed and he was nutritionally maintained on tube feedings . 
patient 's vital signs were stabilized following use of lorazepam to treat acute drug intoxication . 
subsequent heart electrical activity detection did not reveal any evidence of buildup of excess fluid in the sac-like structure around the heart . 
they recommended a further evaluation of his mental status with an electroencephalogram , vitamin b12 and multivitamin . 
it was associated with some shortness of breath and mild sick , and the pain was much worse with deep breathing . 
patient told medical team that his arthritis and back pain was well controlled with the tylenol regimen , therefore , patient was told he should follow up as an outpt by talking to his primary care provider and asking him/her to make a referral for pain management if patient wants to explore pain management further . 
went back to operating room for sternal washout and closure on postoperative days # 2 . 
61 year old male with past cancer that forms in a type of white blood cell treated with chemotherapy and radiotherapy used in cancer treatment , multiple hospital admissions for lung infection in recent months , now admitted on 7-5 for leg paralysis related to spinal cord involvement , complicated by arm deep vein thrombosis , and newly found lung nodules concerning for malignancy , now status post biopsy . 
following procedure removing polyps the patient had several episodes of bright red blood per rectum , one of which necessitated transfer to the intensive care unit . 
# atrial fibrillation : any sudden, violent outburst atrial fibrillation known on history with atrial fibrillation and rapid ventricular rate during intensive care unit stay requiring a combination of betablockers and ccb as well as initiation of amiodarone . 
in 7-3 , patient complained of right upper extremity / shoulder pain progressing to slight increase in shortness of breath . 
she was transferred to hospital1 18 intensive care unit due to her respiratory distress from bilateral lung injury . 
she has subsequently developed symptoms of congestive heart failure with lower extremity edema , five pound weight , dyspnea on exertion , shortness of breath when lying flat , paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea . 
he subsequently went into acute renal failure secondary to septic shock , with elevated createnine and less urine . 
# acute myeloid leukemia : the patient was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia on bone marrow biopsy , and has tolerated 7+3 therapy without complaint . 
consider cardiology follow-up as outpatient given echo finding of intracardiac shunt 
liver was consulted and performed emergent insertion of a tube for concern for variceal bleed . 
of note , blood pressure spiked to 198/96 during this episode , but trended down to 160's/90 's . 
last year , was at location 38 at which time started celexa , buspar , and haldol . 
he was transferred to the heart surgery recovery unit on levophed , milirone , epinephrine , and vasopressin with intra-aortic balloon pump . 
reports from hospital6 20592 show the patient had an exercise tolerance test combined with radioactive tracer scan on 2103-12-24 which 
hence she was put on continuous positive airway pressure therapy for some time . 
heart review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath on exertion , coughing at night , shortness of breath when lying flat , ankle swellings , temporary loss of consciousness or feeling of lightheadedness . 
sensitivity data showed all 3 species were sensitive to cipro and therefore zosyn was discontinued . 
nephrology was consulted and emergently placed an hemodialysis line and initiated hemodialysis with the goal of rapid removal of salicylate to help prevent neurotoxicity . 
an endoscopy was performed which was completely normal , without any sign of mass or bleed . 
magnetic resonance imaging was done to removal of inadequate blood supply noting no evidence of acute inadequate blood supply , or acute blooding . 
physical therapy was consulted to assist with discharge planning . 
name - the patient was instructed to follow up with his primary care provider regarding his pt/inr levels . 
atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular rate : new onset during this admission . 
of note is she was previously seen by dr first name8 last name here at hospital1 18 in neurosurgery and he is no longer working here . 
on review of symptoms , his wife denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , formation of blood clots , lung blood clot , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , coughing up blood , black stools or red stools . 
given heart enzyme leak in the setting of this demand , scope was delayed until hemodynamics stabilized . 
her heart function is stable with a preserved ejection fraction at 60-65 % , no significant valvular abnormality . 
her creatinine initially improved with medicine that makes body produce more pee but her medicine that makes body produce more limit was reached and she became less urine . 
diabetes mellitus - patient was treated with an insulin sliding scale and , four days prior to discharge , also with her at-home actos dose . 
the patient was admitted to the hospital unit name 196 service at that time for medicine that makes body produce more pee . 
he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department . 
the mass was tested and revealed an adenoma with high grade presence of cells of an abnormal type . 
for pain control she is being discharged on percocet which was effective in controlling her pain throughout her hospital stay . 
for anticoagulation she was placed on a heparin drop and coumadin by mouth . 
2191-7-31 remains in cardiovascular intensive care unit , slightly sedated , intubated-weaning to continuous positive airway pressure , then as tolerated . 
while in the emergency department he had a seizure ( described as jerking tonic/clonic , generlized , with face deviating to the left , looked like a form of epilepsy , brief ) . 
the family was not comfortable making her comfort measures only on holiday . 
this continued for at least 10 minutes until emergency medical service arrived . 
there her vital signs were stable and a 3 way foley was placed . 
on transfer to the critical care unit the patient denied any current symptoms . 
abnormal heart rhythm with rapid ventricular rate : heart rate to 150s in the emergency department , given 10mg intravenous diltiazem x 2 and 30mg by mouth diltiazem with some response ( heart rate decreased to 120s ) . 
the morning after his admission his propofol was stopped and he was extubated without difficulty . 
the procedure was successful , with reuniting an interrupted channel of a bodily tube of the entire basilar segment with a possible small thrombus in the right patient-controlled analgesia which was not flow limiting . 
extraocular movements intact and his vision and visual fields are grossly intact , although he wears location 1131 glasses , but did not have them with him during this admission . 
she will resume coumadin and is discharged on lovenox until therapeutic . 
she was initially admitted there on 2170-5-9 directly from the office for workup of abnormal accumulation of fluid . 
after a few minutes patient became completely non-responsive and was intubated by insensitivity to pain . 
the patient is a 3120 g , 38-week , male , born to a 36-year-old , being pregnant12 , giving brith 3 , female . 
for the first several days he was placed in a medical device and given morphine for pain control . 
the magnetic resonance imaging were reviewed with the radiologists , infectious doctor team , and primary team who decided that the probability of facet infection/infectious inflammation of the muscles was unlikely ; antibiotics were therefore discontinued ( received 7 days of vancomycin ) . 
a comprehensive workup for reversible cause was initiated - this included but was not limited to thyroid tests , human immunodeficiency virus , cytomegalovirus , epstein-barr virus , vitamin b12 , hepatitis liver infection caused by the hepatitis b virus , hepatitis viral infection causing liver inflammation , serum lead , proteins produced by your immune system , doctor first name , c-reactive protein , erythrocyte sedimentation rate , human chorionic gonadotropin test , liver function test , serum protein electrophoresis , urine protein electrophoresis test , and csf-pep . 
this study was limited by gado so they perform another magnetic resonance imaging . 
on exam , she was responding `` yah `` to all questions . 
transferred to floor , then after infectious doctor consult , decision was made to discontinue levaquin as well , with plan of 7days of vanco after her central line discontinue discontinued . 
as the patient was not able to follow commands and had a difficult airway , the intensive care unit team did not feel that he was a candidate for extubation , compounded by an increase in secretions due to vap , the decision was made to proceed to trach and percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy . 
patient placed on empiric 10 day course of levofloxacin . 
after the operation , he was brought to the child support recovery unit on minimal inotropic support . 
his creatinine had peaked around 3 , and had returned to his baseline near 2 through medicine that makes body produce more pee by the time of discharge . 
the patient now presents for evaluation of his moderately severe heart diseases . 
the catheterization showed double occlusion of patent ductus arteriosus , no intervention was done . 
it was impressed upon the patient multiple times that it is imperative he stop given the association with vascular disease and he was additionally prescribed a nicotine patch on discharge towards this goal . 
# chronic disease of the liver : patient with history of alcoholic vs non-alcoholic steatohepatitis chronic disease of the liver complicated by esophagel , gastric , and rectal varices . 
he tolerated the operation well and was transferred to the heart surgery intensive care unit in stable condition . 
of note , the patient has been complaining of persistent left upper quadrant and left flank pain and recently completed a course of antibiotics for his inflammation of soft tissue without development of bacterial sepsis . 
she was bacteria present in bloodstream on pressors at numerous points during her hospital course . 
in each case , the patient was shocked at 200 joules and given chest compressions , after which she came back into normal sinus rhythm . 
patient 496 presented to emergency department via ambulance from group home for evaluation of abdominal pain with nausea , vomiting x 6 days . 
of note patient was recently discharged from outside hospital in 4-29 after presenting with weakness and altered mental status . 
her last stress test was a persantine myocardial perfusion imaging test in 2165 which showed improved reversible defects . 
her fevers are likely related to her human immunodeficiency virus and possibly her medications . 
a disorder with inflammation of the intestine and ulceration of the colon antibody was also sent given her liver and central nervous system findings and was still pending at time of discharge . 
patient was in his usual state of health until 2193-12-27 when he developed rectal bleeding . 
patient last name ( titles ) 1834 a the esophageal tumor removed through small abdominal incisions on 11-11 for precancerous changes in the cells of the esophagus of the esophagus with no evidence of metastatic disease , causes confirmed lining of the esophagus changes , becoming more like the lining of the small intestine rather than the esophagus with no malignancy . 
his hospital stay was significant for evaluation by hematology , in which they diagnosed him with likely heparin-induced thrombocytopenia type 2 . 
gastroesophageal reflux disease : patient was on omeprazole 20mg daily at home . 
home aspirin , plavix , and statin were continued . 
a fragment produced during the degradation of a clot was positive , but given the renal failure , he only underwent lower extremity non-invasive study  that did not demonstrate evidence of formation of a blood clot . 
he was seen by physical therapy and felt safe to go to rehab . 
the first obtuse marginal had a lesion that looked acutely ruptured and occluding . 
she will need 3 more weeks of intravenous therapy last name ( lf ) 112289 , first name3 ( lf ) follow-up with her primary care provider last name ( namepattern4 ) 2 weeks , then with pulmonolgy in about a month ( scheduling in process at time of discharge ) . 
of note reported no bowel movement but continued to pass flatus and there was no concern for a postoperative obstruction of the ileum . 
on arrival to the emergency department , vital signs 99.8 140 136/60 26 96 % , flexible sigmoidoscopy : 93 . 
in the emergency department , he was forces the heart has to develop to maintain blood flow stable ( high blood pressure ) and abnormally rapid heart rate to 100 's . 
he has a history of mva/tbi/leftt surgical removal 18 years ago , with subsequent temproparietal costovertebral angle tenderness with right sided residual weakness & expressive aphasia . 
a computed axial tomography scan done at another hospital showed hemo-peritoneum around the sigmoid colon . 
the patient was admitted to the medical intensive care unit for ongoing continuous venovenous hemodiafiltration given his pressures were prohibitive for traditional hemodialysis . 
the patient is a 40 year old woman with a history of excessive secretion of a gland hormone to a benign tumor on a gland glands and thyroid cancer , status post total removal of the thyroid gland by surgery and right superior surgical removal of the parathyroid glands on 2160-9-30 , who recovered well but whose course was complicated by a gland studding with deficiency of calcium in the bloodstream . 
12-27 : increased pain regimen 12-29 : tolerated a regular diet 1-2 : the patient had a minimally invasive test which was normal , with no evidence of contrast extravasation . 
the patient 's worsening kidney function was thought to be due to obstruction presumably from the small bowel mass . 
during surgery the patient had several episodes of decompensated abnormal heart rhythm , but these were controlled with medication alone . 
she had no return of shortness of breath while on the general medical floors . 
she moved him to the floor and started cardiopulmonary resuscitation . 
his coumadin was somewhat difficult to titrate - initially minimally responsive to 5mg daily of coumadin then supratherapeutic rapidly to > 4 on 6-7mg daily . 
and heel bones on 6 weeks of meropenem and linezolid to be completed 2204-12-2 . 
he was transferred back to critical care unit , was started on pressors , and had to be intubated due to excess fluid in the lungs . 
the patient was closely monitored with a foley but it was discontinued on 2170-9-19 . 
chest x-ray showed volume overloaded , so she was diuresed and extubated on 5-2 . 
no significant findings on event monitor per doctor last name 11493 . 
whooping cough culture/serology , influenza a/b , rapid viral screen and culture were sent and were pending at the time of discharge . 
vent was weaned , and the patient was extubated . 
on review of symptoms , she denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , deep venous thrombosis , pulmonary embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , hemoptysis . 
please follow up with a repeat urinalysis at the end of fluconazole course . 
in an effort to mobilize her fluid , she was adminstered 50g of albumin daily followed by intravenous lasix . 
she denies any recent fever , pleuritic chest pain . 
was eventually converted to nasal cannula from non-rebreather mask after better oxygen saturation . 
part of the throat clear , no bleed , uvula swelling decreased daily , no signs of obstruction . 
a nonocclusive blood clot was found in the right popliteal vein-mid right superficial femoral vein . 
she later put out a total of 1100cc of urine prior to transfer to the intensive care unit and was no longer in tripod position but still with a respiration rate in the high 30s and using accessory muscles . 
she recently underwent angioplasty of the superior mesenteric artery stent on 2118-1-19 , and has been doing well without any problems eating/drinking until about 3 days ago , when she developed vague abdominal discomfort , distension , and nausea with intake of solid foods . 
# emergent treatment : do not resuscitate but okay to intubate confirmed with son . 
the initial bacteria found in the nose and throat were sensitive to ceftriaxone , erythromycin , levofloxacin , penicillin , tetracycline , trimethoprim/sulfonamide , and vancomycin . 
- continue soft diet for 3 days - continue ciprofloxacin 500 mg hospital1 for 3 more days - continue omeprazole 40 mg every day . 
antibiotics were continued empirically to cover for possible infections and were stopped when culture data returned negative . 
he was transferred to hospital ward name 121 6 on after a surgical operation day two for further monitoring . 
42 year old male with a history of form of viral hepatitis transmitted in infected blood and polysubstance abuse ( cocaine , benzodiazepines , heroin ) presents with an opiate/valium overdose . 
the patient was discharged home with visiting nursing association services in good condition with appropriate follow up instructions . 
also had 3-25 episodes of coffee-ground vomiting and continues to feel nauseous . 
lungs function tests done in past revealed a mixed obstructive and restrictive provision of air defect ( forced expiratory volume in 1 second .86 , forced vital capacity in 1second .78 ) . 
89 year old gentleman with history of atrial fibrillation on coumadin , presented with subdural hematoma status-post evacuation , complicated by hospital acquired pneumonia , congestive heart failure exacerbation , new atrial thrombus/mass on cta and disturbance in mental abilities . 
he was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit for frequent neuro checks and transfusion with ffp . 
she has a chronic indwelling flexible plastic tube that fell out earlier today and has noted some decreased urine output over the past couple days in setting of decreased by mouth intake . 
the white blood cell rose today , however , and an abdominal computed tomography was planned , but the patient became acutely low blood pressure , abnormally rapid breathing , and sweating heavily this morning . 
he initially required a labetalol drip to maintain systolic blood pressure 's under 180 but was weaned off of it in the context of restarting his home anti-high blood pressure regimen . 
she has had 30 cubic centimeter/2hours of urinary output after arival on the floor . 
patient began to throw off in splinters , from the face downward . 
he had a waxing and warning level of consciousness and was often responsive only to pain . 
source of bleed appeared by location 620 colonoscopy to be from above the ileocecal valve . 
chest tubes and wires were discontinued without incident . 
the patient states that when the implantable cardioverter-defibrillators fired he was experiencing chest discomfort and was given nitroglycerin and morphine . 
ceftriaxone was changed to ciprofloxacin for coverage of serratia and he will complete a 2 week course of that . 
the evening prior ( 2-18 ) , the pain began as a vague tightening that wax and waned but became more frequent and progressively worsened . 
she was weaned off of any pressors by after a surgical operation day three and started on beta blockers . 
his initial electrocardiogram revealed finds depression in finds , finds , and waves with atrial fibrillation , troponin was .33 ; atrial fibrillation has since resolved , finds changes now read as non-specific . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , he was hemodynamically unstable on three pressors , and then began to have large volume output of bright red blood from his nose and mouth . 
patient 34909 is a 63 year old woman with history of mitral valve replacement on coumadin , diastolic heart failure ( ejection fraction 55 % ) , and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on 3l nasal cannula who presents to the emergency department from pulmonology clinic with significant oxygen deficiency with exertion ( 73 % on 3l nasal cannula ) . 
patient was educated on potential long term effects of colchicine toxicity including rebound elevated white blood cell and transient autoimmune disorder and asked to follow up with pneumocystis carinii pneumonia . 
also with frequent urinary tract infection , completing a dose of bactrim today . 
anticoagulation was initiated first with heparin , and later with lovenox and coumadin . 
in the name , patient was reportedly comfortable . 
she was discharged to rehab in 2135-4-5 and since that time , the patient reports new development of external genitals pain and worsening presence of blood in urine . 
she had mentioned this to her primary care provider , name10 1023 recommended an exercise stress test for this upcoming week . 
on discharge the patient was not feverish , non-low level of neutrophils , without signs of infection other than a mild cough . 
blood and urine cultures were sent and showed no growth to date at time of transfer . 
while on the floor this morning , the team noted that she was low blood pressure to 90s/60s and she was started on vancomycin and cefepime for coverage of possible ealth care-associated pneumonia . 
# pain : from left flank lesion/fall and superficial wounds . 
2171-4-12 : temperature spike 103 , vancomycin/zosyn started , aline iscontinued , nasogastric tube changed to orogastric tube . 
overnight into 2-12 she was fever to 102.1 and she again expressed her intentions to leave against medical advice . 
anti-inflammatory electroconvulsive therapy , and for mortality benefits ) , aspirin 325 mg was restarted in hospital on admission . 
patient 72441 was initially kept strictly nothing by mouth due to his suspected aspiration lungs infection . 
she also received doxycycline while tick-borne serologies were pending . 
per family report she was diagnosed with depression at age 16 and was started on an antidepressant at that time ; she self discontinued the medication . 
she was continued on antibiotics ( amp-sublactam and azithromycin ) and steroids , her anticoagulation was stopped , and she was also weak gently to keep steadily negative fluid balances . 
his net fluid balance was negative 200 cubic centimeter that day . 
has had several sets of heart enzymes drawn , all which were negative , although he did have t wave inversions in i , waves which were new from prior electrocardiogram done in 2103-5-29 . 
he was worked-up in the usual preoperative manner including vein mapping and lungs function testing . 
she passed a swallow evaluation and was evaluated by physical therapy who recommended rehab . 
he had low suspicion for pulmonary embolism ( negative lower extremity non-invasive test ) , and had an echo that showed relatively well preserved heart function . 
marked clinical deterioration- clinically today had left sided dense inability to move on one side of the body , mild neglect and visual field cut on left . during transesophageal echocardiogram received fentanyl and versed , per nurses verbal report . 
her blood pressure was treated appropriately and cardiology service was consulted for improved management of her high blood pressure . 
on 7-25 , the patient was noted to have increased weakness and progressed to a feeling of an inability to move his extremities on 7-26 . 
the patient was switched to oral amiodarone after having converted to sinus . 
* cough : patient had a dry cough on admission , which became more severe during hospital stay . 
respiratory failure : as per trauma team , intubated for air hunger , partial pressure of oxygen was 66 with partial pressure of carbon dioxide of 21 . 
the magnetic resonance imaging showed a focus of areas of areas of high intensity on particular types of magnetic resonance imaging in right occipital lobe that could represent small acute infarct as well as abnormality in left central area of white matter found underneath the cerebral cortex consistent with either subacute infarct versus metastatic lesion . 
hepatitis c viral load 55,000,000. per highly active antiretroviral therapy records , his highly active antiretroviral therapy was held upon admission to highly active antiretroviral therapy 2-17 concern for reconstitution syndrome in addition to concern that highly active antiretroviral therapy regimen could be causing liver failure ( patient was briefly treated with solumedrol for reconstitution at highly active antiretroviral therapy , but this was discontinued upon his admission ) . 
appointment scheduled with dr. last name 1940. . 
electrolyte labs revealed some lower-than-normal level of phosphate which was felt to be secondary to respiratory excess base in the setting of acute chest syndrome . 
female in doctor last name ( back seat ) rollover motor vehicle accident , questionable loss of consciousness , right upper extremity injury with arterial bleeding and significant blood loss at scene , device for stopping blood placed on scene ; patient reports placing right hand against window as rollover occurred 
in the intensive care unit , he was given 6.5 l of fluids and required a levophed drip and vasopressin . 
the patient 's plavix was not restarted as it was greater than one year since the patient 's last effected through the skin intervention . 
89 year-old male with a past medical history of prosthesis consisting of tissue and part aortic valve replacement , high blood pressure , high blood fat , diastolic heart failure who presented with a hypersensitivity drug reaction to bactrim , whose airway was never compromised , was observed in the intensive care unit overnight and then called out for further management of last name . 
71 year old male with history of meningomyelocele ( iiia cytoplasmic factor ) status post barium meal test with relapse , paroxysmal atrial fibrillation , collection of blood between brain covering and surface who presents with oxygen deficiency and altered mental status . 
he is preparing for discharge to a rehabilitation facility . 
he was admitted to the medical intensive care unit nothing by mouth , on intravenous fluid rescusitation , intubated , with a foley catheter in place , and intravenous fentanyl for pain . 
she was transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department where creatine kinase > 200,000 and creatinine 3.0 with urinalysis +blood , no red blood cells , +presence of casts in a urine specimen . 
per his parents , his voice is more nasal , as well as speak indistinctly and much softer . 
he was felt to be a poor candidate for catheterization secondary to his complicated vessels that supply the heart muscle with blood rich in oxygen with multiple previous interventions . 
continued to make good progress and was cleared for discharge to home with visiting nursing association on postoperative days # 4 . 
initial labs showed elevated amylase 183 and lipase 157 . 
he denies abdominal pain , fevers , chills and states that he would like to go home in the morning . 
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation : patient was transferred on prednisone for a presumed chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation . 
in addition he will follow-up with a dentist and undergo a colonoscopy to look for underlying source predisposed him to streptococcus intermedius group bacteremia . 
his oxygen was eventually weaned off and his room air saturations were 96 % . 
patient is a 79-year-old man with a history of dm2 , end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis , hypertension , high blood fat who presented with loss of ability to understand or express speech and right face/arm/leg weakness , found to have a left middle cerebral artery stroke from likely embolic source , transfered to intensive care unit for possible pneumonia management and subsequent trach/peg on 2-6 . 
the patient reports occasional shortness of breath when he walks anywhere from 10ft to 2-10 a mile . 
he underwent continuous video electroencephalogram montioring throughout most of his hospital course . 
an interventional radiology guided gastrostomy-jejunostomy tube was also attempted but was unsuccessful given the patient 's unusual anatomy after bowel resection for duodenal ulcer in the past . 
respiratory distress - on 10-29 patient was noted to beabnormally rapid breathing at 36/m with oxygen saturation 90 % 4l/m nasal cannula which prompted a trigger . 
he did not mount a blood pressure decreasing with the heart beating faster probably because he was beta-blocked from his carvedilol which he takes at home . 
on the morning of 7-12 she experinced repeat headache followed by nausea, vomiting . 
electrocardiogram show t-wave inversion waves and inferior leads , st depression inferior leads , repeat show resolution of st depression in inferior leads . 
total parenteral nutrition was deferred as it was felt that patient should continue to try to use her gastrointestinal tract as much as possible . 
patient was triggered for low blood pressure on arrival to systolic blood pressur 70 ( baseline in 90s ) . 
transient ischemic attack , prostate cancer and chronic back pain presented to first name8 last name hospital emergency department earlier today when he had acute onset of chest , abdominal and back pain occurring simultaneously . 
the patient was counseled on the fact that a recurrence was likely , and she decided to proceed with her discharge and follow up with her primary care provider and tumor doctor . 
progressive areflexic weakness and mild sensory changes ( first name9 7816 location syndrome ) - his recurrence of the syndrome likely resulted from upper respiratory infection secondary to infections by acute inflammation with a discharge influenza , and possible in the setting of influenza vaccination . 
however , he does complain of cough which is a side effect of the stimulator . 
a goals of care meeting was arranged with the family , intensive care unit , neurology and palliative care . 
the patient was found in the bed by his wife , choking and unresponsive in the mid afternoon on the day of admission . 
infant emerged blue , and limp with little respiratory effort . 
patient states that his peritoneal dialysis catheter has not been working properly during the same time ; he reports putting in 2l dialysis fluid and only getting 1l fluid out . 
# watery stool - likely from all of his synthetic sugar , but given recent low grade fever and multiple antibiotics , a clostridioides difficile was negative . 
at hospital6 33 , he received 13.5 units of packed red blood cells . 
assessment/plan - 19 year old female with history of depression , status post drug overdose as suicide attempt , status post intubation for airway protection . 
transfused 1 unit platelets and 1 unit of packed red blood cells during admission . 
additionally , she received chest physical therapy and was started on inhaled steroids in setting of lung disease and persistent cough with sputum production . 
creatine kinase-mb was elevated up to peak of 86 , troponin was also elevated and has not yet peaked . 
he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his heart rate was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl drop and versed for sedation . 
# septic shock : source is escherichia coli urinary tract infection 1-29 prostatomegaly . 
this was thought likely to be due to disturbance in mental abilities given multiple factors including disturbance in sleep-wake cycle , infection , and concern for possible seizures given involuntary muscle jerk movements . 
several conversations were held with mrs.patient 96174 husband and son , both physicians . 
her hospital course was significant for peri-operative heart arrest and low blood pressure and later a gastrointestinal bleeding episode requiring icu stay . 
patient 72376 was emergently taken to the computed tomography scanner after being evaluated by the neurology stroke team . 
she was found with empty bottle of tegretol ( 2 week supply , bottle date 4/5/5 ) full bottle of trazodone 400mg take at bedtime ( date 2125-3-17 ) full bottle of fluoxitine 80mg daily ( date 2125-3-17 ) multiple samples of doctor first name in backpack was brought to hospital1 18 , and did not respond to narcan so was intubated for airway protection . 
the following day his proportion of red blood cells dropped to 19.6 , and after 3 units of transfusion , his proportion of red blood cells increased to 26 . 
per infectious dose will plan to treat methicillin-sensitive staphylococcus aureus bacteremia/abscesses with intravenous daptomycin to total of 6-8wk course . 
post operatively he went to the intensive care unit where he was monitored closely and blood pressure was kept at a normal range to perfuse his cord . 
he was monitored on telemetry which showed paroxysmal atrial fibrillation . 
the patient was neurologically intact and blood supply is stable on no inotropic or vasopressor support . 
confirm levels of bleeding from the upper gastrointestinal tract was performed with return of approximately 500ml of blood . 
chest x-ray done at the nursing home revealed bibasilar infiltrates and she was placed on bactrim . 
the location 109 was estimated at 0.7cm2 . 
white count coming down to 13 and proportion of red blood cells stable at 29.6 . 
# idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis -- it was felt that the patient 's deficiency of oxygen could have been caused by his idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis that has significantly worsened or is the substrate upon which another process is acting . 
he was also weak given his liver disease and acute kidney injury both thought to be due to poor forward flow from decompensated heart failure . 
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , she perceverates on the subject of sodium . 
her coumadin ( on for atrial fibrillation ) was withheld until 10/11 per neurosurgery ; her home dose regimen was restarted on 9-12 which is 2 mg daily except for on tuesday 's when she receives 3 mg . 
she was placed on vancomycin for empiric coverage , dosed by levels . 
initial platelets were 212 but dropped to 124 prior to transfer . 
a bowel preparation was performed and capsule endoscopy was performed , results pending at the time of discharge . 
patient then had left main stem stent placed via interphalangeal joint and discharged on 2180-12-2. . 
patient is a 85 year old male with severe coronary artery disease status post cabgx2 , prosthesis consisting of tissue and part mitral valve replacement , ischemic cardiomyopathy with ef 25 % who presents with worsening shortness of breath . 
on 9-28 the patient again began to complain of abdominal pain , diffuse in nature , constant and sharp in nature , rated 9-8 . 
she was noted to have abnormal thickening and edema of the triangular folds of mucous membrane , right greater than left , as well as nonspecific circumferential edema at the pharynx and the esophagus junction on a computed tomography scan of her neck at the outside hospital . 
the pain itself is not associated with sick , vomiting or sweating . 
he beleves that he had a 'cold ' approximately one week ago , with cough , runny nose and subjective fevers . 
the patient had a single episode of chest pain while in the hospital which was relieved by sublingual nitroglycerin . 
patient should have a repeat head computed tomography in a few months after discharge . 
upon further investigation , his pain was noted to be reproducible by physical exam , namely by pressing down on his head and turning his neck to the left . 
the patient was monitored on telemetry with no abnormal position noted . 
he was transferred to coronary care unit for further observation on aggrenox drops and nitroglycerin drops to prevent narrowing of the arteries . 
per infectious dose , given clinical improvement will continue with current regimen . 
initial labs were notable for a normal white blood cell ( 7.0 ) , hematocrit ( 40.9 ) , and brain natriuretic peptide of 1180 . 
chest x-ray 's post chest tube removal revealed bilateral apical abnormal collection of air . 
on vaginal exam she was noted to have small clots . 
at this point she called her life and she was brought to hospital1 18 . 
fluconazole intravenous was started on 12-4 with plan to treat until 12-29 . 
heart catheterization conducted at an outside hospital demonstrated three vessel disease with 95 to 98 % mid left anterior descending narrowing , 95 % left circumflex narrowing and 80 % right coronary artery narrowing . 
the patient was discharged from hospital1 112 to the armonoiom house in a region on 12-29 . 
he states that the abdominal pain is located predominantly in the left lower quadrant , was mostly crampy and occasionally sharp in character , non-radiating . 
subsequent proportion of red blood cells found to be down to 22 from 32 baseline . 
another horizontal line below the right nipple from the right lateral to the midline chest contrasted the right upper pink body with the lower right cyanotic abdomen belly and legs . 
blood cultures were done which were negative and a chest xray showed some bilateral small effusions and collapse of the lung . 
she was noted to have electrocardiogram changes prior to arrival to hospital , but had no elevation in enzymes . 
she was initially placed in the intensive care unit due to her sepsis picture . 
gastrointestinal performed endoscopy at the time of patient 's arrival to the hospital unit name 153 and found non-bleeding erosion in the stomach and duodenum . 
arrived to the emergency department minimally responsive with no evidence of trauma . 
# likely aspiration lungs infection versus inflammation of lung tissue : patient had a history of swallowing difficulties and aspiration lungs infection presenting with mildly elevated white blood cell , low grade temperature and deficiency of oxygen . 
on arrival at sturdy , she had mild rales , with chest x-ray  demonstrating mild congestive heart failure . 
she has initials ( namepattern4 ) last name ( namepattern4 ) , first name3 ( lf ) 96555 who takes care of her at home . 
the neck swelling began this morning and he is complaining of swallowing difficulties and difficulty breathing . 
otherwise there were no complications and she tolerated her full dose aspirin well . 
on after a surgical operation day 2 , the patient had another episode of respiratory distress and was transferred to the intensive care unit for further management . 
# history of heart rhythm disorder : episodes of ventricular tachycardia occurred in setting of decompensated congestive heart failure , likely secondary to some demand inadequate blood supply , but ruled out for myocardial infarction . 
she underwent scopy with 3 bands placed to enlarged veins . 
50 year-old woman with new onset of severe pain in the chest on exertion and had positive exercise stress test . 
he states that he has continued to have a poor appetite and did have occasional episodes of sick and swollen state with small volume emesis . 
also rec received baracath to prepare for computed tomography scan but then had a large episode of bright red blood per rectum . 
she will complete a 4 week course of chemotherapy and follow-up with infectious dose . 
exam remarkable for 3/6 turbulent blood flow due to obstruction , loudest at the base and radiated to the upper chest and neck . 
arterial blood gas with good oxygenation and ventilation , but desaturates with percentage or concentration of oxygen less than 99 % patient with heart arrest and death pronounced . 
progression of lung disease , right greater than left , likely usual interstitial pneumonitis or fibrotic subtype of non-specific interstitial pneumonia . 
patient was transferred to child support recovery unit in stable condition with a phenylephrine drip for blood pressure support , insulin drip , and being titrated on propofol . 
respiratory failure : patient was continued on mechanincal ventilation . 
also found to be in respiratory excess base ( initially on arterial blood gas prior to transfer from trauma surgical intensive care unit ) , which was thought likely secondary to central breathing very fast and was treated with acetazolamide until improved . 
she denies any recent illnesses , fever , chills , weight gain or weight loss , sick , vomiting , diffuculty in defecating , painful urination , bleeding , pain in a muscle , or rashes . 
inflammation of the inner lining of the colon ( at hospital1 756 in month ( only ) 116 ) . 
she was maintatined on her home dose of lisinopril and furosemide 60mg twice daily was started given her diastolic heart failure with left ventricular function . 
likely nutritional as responded to vitamin k and on long-term antibiotics . 
at this time , the patient was evaluated by medicine involved in surgical treatment of organs inside the thorax for a heart bypass surgery . 
emergency ward course also notable for computed tomography of the belly which showed demonstrated a possible small right kidney stone ( work up for presence of blood in urine ) . 
black pigmentation material was seen from the mid jejunum to the proximal colon . 
the patient is a 72-year-old gentleman who was at the university/college club when he fell over the railing of a stairway with approximately a 20-foot fall . 
unclear baseline mental status , per emergency medical service(s) patient visiting from state 108 . 
head computed tomography showed a small contusion with a small subarachnoid bleed in the left frontal lobe . 
of note , patient recently had admission date range 46889 due to abscess following bacterial infection spread by cats and discharged on augmentin and doxycycline for 10 days total ( history 10 days total ) . 
# watery stool : significant improvement , now bowel movement x4 on lactulose , stool negative for clostridioides difficile x3 and no other microorganism could be identified . 
neurosurgery was made aware and felt this was catastrophic bleed and not amenable to surgery . 
blood urea nitrogen/creatinine increased to 140/3.7 but creatinine returned to baseline after cozaar was held and foley was placed . 
patient was restarted on coumadin and will continue aspirin until therapeutic . 
he received 600mg intravenous clinda and albuterol nebs and he was transferred to hospital1 18 for futher treatment and management . 
international normalized ratio at baseline , bilirubin test and liver function test were at baseline or below . 
she also underwent heart catheterization which revealed normal artery supplying blood to the heart . 
