weaned off vent to continuous positive airway pressure and was extubated in the afternoon on 9 - 2 by the lung team .
she was intubated and was resuscitated after 10 - 22 minutes of pulseless electrical activity arrest .
he was given succinyl choline and etomidate for intubation .
had post - op  lack of enough healthy red blood cells and was transfused with appropriate effect .
the patient was maintained on logroll precautions until hemi spine films were obtained and read as negative .
a line placed & sent to body imaging per neurosurgical recommendations .
this gradually cleared when the patient was extubated and by the last few days of admission her mental status was at baseline .
per patient , he took pepto - bismol 3 times earlier in the weeks for 3 days .
patient is a 89 years old male with sick sinus syndrome  s  extension  p pacer , admitted to neurosurgery with brain blood collects with acute breathing distress / wheezing on the floor .
mild right ventricular cavity enlargement with normal free wall motion .
on postoperative days six , his international normalized ratio continued to be low at 1 . 3 but it was decided that his heparin could be discontinued and he would be discharged home with by mouth ( per os ) coumadin only .
possibly secondary to worsening kidney function , but more likely due to acute illness .
she progressed with physical therapy to improve her strength and mobility .
known  surname 28272 is a 63 year - old man with paroxysmal abnormal heart rate , peripheral vascular disease , high blood fats , high blood pressure and obstructive sleep apnea with complaint of several months of exertional chest pain and shortness of of .
primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) sent him for contrast body imaging , which revealed 15 - 20 ring - enhancing lesions in cerebrum , cerebellum , brainstem .
the patient was aggresively diuresis 4 . 5 litter over the next 36 hours until his creatinine bumped and he was at his dry weight .
megace was discontinued due to the possibility that this may contribute to the formation of a clot .
his wound continued to improve and his intravenous antibiotics were stopped .
in the critical care unit , the patient was resting comfortably in no abnormality detected .
he was restarted on coumadin , and his international normalized ratio was therapeutic for a few days before admission .
she also had subjective shortness of breath with chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) suggesting fluid overload .
later , it was thought that his less urine was appropriate for his nutritional status .
patient started to complain about right lower quandrant belly pain , radiating to right flank .
also developed chest pain which she states persisted until she reached the emergency department , when she was given some medication that helped ( unsure which one ) .
the mother was treated with ampicillin and received betamethasone .
there was no change noted in his motor sensory function .
a bedside echo revealed an ejection fraction of 20 % .
- most likely source urinary tract infection with subsequent urosepsis although aspiration lung infection and infection from chronic right foot ulcer were also considered .
fast ultrasound exam performed by emergency department staff was thought by emergency department staff to be positive for hemoper coma .
given the extremely poor prognosis based on his initial myoclonic status on admission , electroencephalogram pattern and clinical exam , the patient ' s family decided to make the patient comfort measures only ( palliative care or hospice ) .
# chronic pain : patient is prescribed methadone by her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) for chronic neck and back pain .
she was initially covered with braod spectrum antibiotics with vanc , cefepime and flagyl .
patient brought immediately to operating room ( aka operating theatre ) for exploratory laparotomy , bolt , and trach .
he was given a tracheostomy and percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube after failed extubation and reintubation .
she once once again transferred to the cardiovascular intensive care unit in stable condition after evacuation .
he received one dose of stress dose steroids in the emergency department .
most likely antibiotics - related , as clostridioides difficile negative prior to discharge .
it was felt likely due to heart rates so midodrine 7 . 5mg three times a day was started as well as a bicarb drops for the elevated level of potassium .
he was admitted to the trauma service and monitored in the trauma intensive care unit closely .
he does report some cough productive of yellow sputum .
imaging scan also revealed left common femoral vein formation of blood clot in deep vein and left gonadal vein blood clot .
the next day he received 2 units of packed red blood cells for proportion of red blood cells of 24 . 3 .
was some concern for heart rates , given low urine sodium , though patient was responsive to albumin challenge and maintained good urine output initially .
other studies including a head imaging , neck imaging , tumor lysis syndrome films , and left arm film were negative for injury .
she was given d50 with subsequent improvement of her blood sugars .
neurosurgery consulted on the patient and did not intervene surgically as there was no evidence of intrapgum present .
imaging chest showed likely multifocal lung infection which was possible due to aspiration .
the patient has switched physicians several times in the past several months and in the interim , has had increasing belly distention , diffuse belly discomfort / pain .
the patient had complained to his primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) of exertional substernal chest pain for the past two weeks .
he was initially stabilized after transfer to the critical care unit but had a similar arrest twice the next morning each following repositioning .
her symptoms last for several days and then resolve , but tonight felt particularly weak , which prompted her visit to the emergency department .
patient taken to the operating room ( aka operating theatre ) for exploratory laparotomy , lysis of adhesions and stricturoplasty .
he ruled out for a myocardial infarction by flat cardiac enzymes and his imaging angiogram was negative for a lung blood clot .
imaging  antibody with by mouth ( per os ) contrast was obtained prior to transfer .
in emergency department , found to be in 1st degree heart block with left bundle branch block .
however , destruction of red blood cells labs were negative and no fragmented red blood cells were seen on peripheral smear .
her imaging c - spine confirmed the type 2 odontoid fracture .
fentanyl and lorazepam were administered for breakthrough agitation , with good response .
post procedure electrocardiogram showing resolution of st elevations , no indication of stent rethrombosis or recurrent heart attack .
there was some concern for a l - sided loculated effusion on outside hospital  imaging scan , but on review of these scans ( compared to prior ) these changes appear to be chronic .
a chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) on day of admission to the intensive care unit , showed a unilateral opacification of unclear significance - possibly artifact - and the radiology read noted only bilateral interstitial opacities but no focal lung infection .
the patient ' s mildly elevated lactate on initial presentation which down - trended with y vein fluids , as well as low blood pressure responsive to small fluid boluses are consistent with hypovolemic low blood pressure .
due to her poor immune status from chemo , she received a dose of ceftriaxone in the emergency department .
evaluated by vascular surgery in emergency department , who felt that his right leg was non - threatened and no surgical intervention was required .
the patient was bolused one liter of normal saline and systolic blood pressure increased appropriately to 107 .
she was given lasix for diuresis with substantial improvement in breathing function and decreased oxygen requirement .
post - operatively , he was extubated and transferred to the post - anesthesia care unit for further stabilization and monitoring .
patietn was transferred and upon receiveing patient , it was decided that she would need an operation to relive the obstruction , and was therefore booked for urgent laparotomy .
also found to have lung infection , urinary tract infection , and hyperarbarbia with a sodium to 152 .
patient was apparently not injured but this morning he was unresponsive and would n ' t follow commands .
the procedure was complicated by low blood pressure while intubated , for which he was on neosynephrine transiently .
beta blockers were titrated to maximum hemodynamics as well as a diltiazem drip and he was started on coumadin on post - op day four for his bouts of atrial abnormal heart rhythms .
no complaints of shortness of breath , recent shortness of breath on exertion , shortness of breath when sleeping , shortness of breath when lying flat , or previous chest pain .
chest pain in the intensive care unit , she had episodes of chest pain often precipitated by food intake .
she was d  extension  c  ' ratio  ed home with visiting nursing association and planned outpt follow - up with cardiology and pulmonary .
staff obtained a lung blood clot protocol chest imaging which revealed a small lung blood clot in one of the left upper lobe segmental branches of the lung artery as well as a inferior vena cava clot .
he denies recent dietary indiscretions and has been taking his insulin regularly in recent days .
he is scheduled for close follow - up for cerebrovascular ablation for his recently diagnosed hepatocellular carcinoma .
electrocardiogram showed t wave inversions anterolaterally , new compared with an electrocardiogram from 2137 .
proportion of red blood cells stable , no further tachycardia , enzymes stable .
right chest tube was placed by thoracic surgery on 12 - 17 after attempted central venous line placement resulted in a rib .
in medical intensive care unit , she was started on zosyn for lung infection , was transferred to the floor on 1 - 1 after stabilization .
a bedside exam was suggestive of aspiration with this liquids thus a pureed diet with nectar thick liquids was started .
the patient was continued on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale on the floor , and required minimal diazepam for symptoms .
only positive result was the vancomycin - resistant enterococcus screen in the intensive care unit for which he was put on precautions metabolic acidosis developed with ph compensated by breathing alkalosis .
patient was in usual state of health until 1am on 9 - 13 when she felt mild upper abdomen discomfort and sick and dizziness w  extension  o vomiting after dinner which resolved with maalox .
though his lactate trended down , his central venous o2  sats were greater than 70 indicating persistent septic physiology despite appropriate antibiotic treatment .
it was decided that the patient ' s an infection of the skin of her right foot would not survive and that an infection of the skin of her right  below the knee duodenum was the best solution .
the patient was monitored on continous telemtry throughout his stay without any clearly contributable cardiac arrhythmias .
breathing failure - given persistent fever and leukocytosis , likely bacterial lung infection with hemophilus influenza noted on sputum culture .
breathing decompensation / hypoxia  patient was admitted and had copious thick secretions .
he was noted to have bright red blood per rectum on rectal exam , but no active bleeding .
concentrated hydromorphone 20mg / ml was given and then she was transitioned from by vein to by mouth ( per os ) .
she presented to hospital3 who r  extension  o  heart attack by enzymes and electrocardiogram , imaging negative for bleeding , carotid u  extension  s .
upon arrival to the intensive care unit patient is totally chest pain free .
electrocardiogram has no evidence of st or t wave changes .
he was found to have approximately 75 % narrowing of a blood vessel of his right carotid artery .
her electrocardiogram was significant for mild st elevations in the lateral leads and some st depression across the precordial leads which were new compared to her emergency department  electrocardiogram .
to note , his inferior vena cava filter needs to be removed in the future .
an electrocardiogram was performed which revealed a right bundle branch block and there was concern for anterioseptal st - depression .
she was initially unresponsive and low body temperature and after being warmed she was conscious but incoherent .
patient admitted from emergency department with type b heart artery  disease , uncontrolled high blood pressure and pain .
she was admitted to the medical intensive care unit , and transfused 4u packed red blood cells and 1 pack platelets , with a resolution in bleeding and stabilization of proportion of red blood cells ( 16 - > 28 ) .
a portable chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) was done to confirm endotracheal tube placement .
cancer : no treatment now , patient has declined treatment in the past .
he was covered prophylactically with under skin heparin and a proton pump inhibitor .
wound cultures show multidrug resistence , complicated by patients multiple antibiotics allergies .
should he have any nonc resained ventricular high heartbeat rhythm or ventricular overspeed heart rate by holter , he should be referred for an implantable cardioverter defibrillator .
a imaging was done which showed only a small swelling that is filled with blood and significantly dilated loops of bowel .
# code : patient was do not resuscitate / do not intubate initially upon admission , however the order was suspended to allow the patient to go to the operating room .
over several days , he otherwise continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis .
there was no history of recent trauma or instrumentation .
patient was recently receiving chemotherapy whose treatment was halted due to progressive fatigue / weakness .
he has a history of transient ischemic attack and is on dabbigatran for his abnormal heart rate .
rad / oncology fellow was called who said that no further imaging is needed urgently and that she will be seen tomorrow morning for probable whole brain radiation .
coronary disease was not amenable to percutaneous coronary intervention and was transferred to hospital1 18 for surgical revascularization .
no weakness / numberness of legs ; denied bladder retention or incontinence .
his right clavicle fracture is not displaced and non operative .
on review of systems , he has a history of stroke , lung blood clot , bleeding with surgery , deep venous thrombosis .
they suggested the use of by vein ativan might help a patient with catatonic depression .
patient denies any hx of liver disease , blood transfusions , intravenous drug consult , or recent travel .
given her chronic kidney disease , she was unable to get a blood vessel imaging , but her noncontrasted head computed tomography showed no signs of early stroke and no hemorrhage .
patient also found to have high grade peripheral artery disease ( aka peripheral artery artery disease ) in right common femoral artery , highly calcified plaque with 100 % occlusion after superficial femoral artery , and profunda femoris high grade disease .
upon arrival the emergency department a chest imaging was done which showed a marked distended gallbladder .
informed to contact primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) to follow up results as outpatient .
she has required hospitalization and steroids in the past , but no intubations .
her lasix dose was increased and on 8 - 13 , her chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) showed a decreased left effuision .
over her course , she was treated with albuterol / atrovent metered dose inhaler along with inhaled steroids to target obstructive lung disease .
his inital u  extension  a had > 50 red blood cells in urine .
the patient states that he was feeling well prior to the against cardioversion and that subsequently had shortness of breath on exertion as well as shortness of breath at rest .
seizures resolved with ativan drip and patient was then maintained on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale without complication .
they were able to open her right lower lobe ( of lung ) and right middle lobe ( of lung ) , though upon trying to open the right upper lobe ( of lung ) and while at 22 % oxygen concentration an airway fire occurred .
she continued to make steady progress and was discharged to location house on postoperative day 6 .
decadron was also thought to be compoundign his delerium and thus his decadron was tapered .
known  surname was admitted by her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) after she experienced 7 days of melena and had a positive hemoccult test in office .
right leg cellulitis : hematogenous source of recurrent cellulitis not apparent as blood cultures were negative .
patient is a year old woman with h  extension  o  ms , seizures , and hypothyroidism who is transferred from hospital3 after a 10 day stay there .
lung disease and still on azithromycin presents after noting a blood sugar of 450 at home and developing pain under her right breast .
she was readmitted again several days later in month 958 w  extension similar symptoms and again nothing by mouth .
she does report some sick but has had no vomiting .
after he was stablized on oral meds , he was transfered to the floor .
known  surname 89932 is a 63 year - old woman with diabetes who presented with chest pain and electrocardiogram changes consistent with , / nstemi .
one day prior to transfer to hospital1 18 , patient became tachypneic .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) showed low lung volumes , increased interstitial markings c  extension  w chronic fibrotic changes , and interstitial edema ; an underlying atypical lung infection can not be ruled out .
once intubated his sedation was lightened so he could undergo a neurological examination .
her anticoagulation was held because of her concerning cerebellar hemorrhage .
neuro recommended to get electroencephalogram and to consider lumbar puncture .
transplant surgery consulted in emergency department , plan for intervention in morning .
however , low suspicion of sprue given high vitamin b12 and folate levels inconsistent with malabsorption .
on the evening of admission , she again experienced pain however 3 sl  nitroglycerin did not improve her symptoms .
blood pressure ' s in the 80 ' s came up to 90 ' s with gentle bolus .
patient was started on levofloxacin , vanc , flagyl .
due to the apical akinesis on his echo he was started on anti - coagulation with warfarin .
here his initial arterial blood gas demonstrating acute respiratory distress syndrome by p / f ratio of 100 and chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) with b / l lower lobe infiltrates .
his increase in the number of white blood cells resolved with treatment of urinary tract infection and constipation .
in the surgical intensive care unit , mean arterial pressures remained in 60s without further boluses .
initially started on by vein flagyl / po  vanco emperically for possible clostridioides difficile as well as levofloxacin over concern for lung infection .
his electrocardiogram was unchanged , but a troponin leak was observed over baseline ( 0 . 35 - 0 . 55 ) with an elevated creatine kinase .
her nifedipine was increased to nifedipine sr 90 mg and she was watched on this dose for 24 hours .
the flow gradually improved with administration of adenosine , diltiazem and nicardipine .
he had a stress test which showed inferolateral sore throat changes .
she was treated with a 7 day course of oral fluconazole .
azithromycin was stopped and levofloxacin was started on 1 - 28 and should be continued for 10 days .
breathing distress : patient was intubated and ventilated in intensive care unit .
58 years old male with past medical history significatn for high blood pressure , current tobacco use and peripheral vascular disease who presents to outside hospital  emergency room on 10 - 3 with chest pain starting at 9 pm radiating to both arms associated with shortnessness .
paroxysmal abnormal heart rate while on telelmetry during this hospital stay .
family was concerned that she had become lethargic , being unusually slow to answer questions and staring off into space .
upper endoscopy was performed but not amenable to stent across obstruction .
his initial procedure that removes fluid or air from the chest during this admission revealed an methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus  yeyema . .
gave fluid bolluses to maintained blood pressure , but eventulally ussed pressors to continue to support blood pressure .
he did go into rapid atrial abnormal heart rhythms on first postoperative day and was bolused with amiodarone and started on oral amiodarone , as well , with conversion to sinus rhythm .
at this time she was taken to the operating room for replacement of the left external ventricular drain catheter .
this was thought to be the cause of her syncope .
neurologic examination at that time revealed pupils were blown bilaterally .
patient was started on zydis for hallucinations before intubation .
88 years old female admitted to hospital1 with above symptoms .
she was not receiving by vein medications so a flexible catheter line was ordered for the morning for access .
he had a push enteroscopy to 140cm which was unrevealing , and no active bleeding or arteriovenous malformation were noted .
she was continued on by mouth ( per os )  proton pump inhibitor which will be continued as an outpatient .
despite broad antibiotic coverage the infection spread to the perianal area and more superiorly .
he was placed on a course of zosyn for thick , yellow bronchial secretions .
there is an area of t2 hypointensity in the right cerebellum consistent with hemorrhage , with a mild degree of mass effect exerted upon the fourth ventricle which remained midline in position .
ongoing work - up for possible related rheumatologic manifestations thus far negative .
all narcotics were discontinued due to sensitivity to narcotics and tylenol only was used for pain control .
the patient was ruled out for myocardial infarction and was given 40 mg of intravenous lasix for presumed congestive heart failure exacerbation .
she was given by vein fluids , had a line placed and was started on neo - synephrine with stabilization .
solumedrol was switched to prednisone on 3 - 29 ; patient should complete a 12 day taper .
the patient is alright with getting pressors and continuing antibiotics , but did not want an arterial line .
this afternoon , the patient reported sudden onset of lightheadedness followed by a fall , striking his head but without loss of consciousness .
switched to by mouth ( per os ) ciprofloxacin to complete a total 3 week course .
blood vessel imaging was done noting concerns for liver artery narrowing of a blood vessel .
acute pain service was also consulted given his history of chronic pain and now with his recent traumatic injury .
he was treated with vancomycin , as well as 1 dose of gent .
# follow up : patient requires imaging abdomen for evaluation of abscesses 1 - 13 septic emboli from endocarditis as outpatient .
on day of discharge pain was well controlled , incision was clean / dry / intact , proportion of red blood cells was stable at 33 , pain was well controlled .
in addition , she has two nonincarcerated incisional hernias .
she was given a dose of vancomycin and ceftriaxone in the emergency room for empirical coverage .
after the propofol was discontinued , the patient began having seizure - like jerking of his extremities .
she initially presented because she thought she was having dark stools and was concerned for a digestive track bleeding which she ' s had in the past .
by the time emergency medical service ( s ) arrived , she had become ` ` agitated ' ' and was noted to be vigorously moving all limbs with force .
digestive tract / endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography evaluated the patient and felt that his symptoms were unlikley to be due to cholangitis or biliary obstruction and felt that an endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography was unnecessary .
operative course was notable for cardiogenic shock which required placement of an intra - aortic balloon pump .
right hip fracture : patient was admitted to medical intensive care unit , after intubation in the emergency department awaiting repair for right hip fracture .
she was advanced to sips and her total parenteral nutrition was continued .
she was noted to have pauses with low blood pressure when she converted from abnormal heart rate to normal increase in heart rate . she was started on amlodipine 100 mg once a day and taken off all nodal agents , including metoprolol .
patient was offered ventilator at night for significant desaturations that occured when she was sleeping but was non - compliant .
hemodynamically stable with minimal bloody bowel movements since second day of admission .
today , she visited her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) and could barely walk into the office .
congestive hearts failure : patient has not had echo since 11 - 13 , may have had significant decline in ejection fraction given her extended hospitalization and breathing failure .
his creatinine continued to rise and he developed anuric  kidney failure over the last day of his intensive care unit stay .
per report , the patient was driving erratically to dinner and once tripped .
he should discuss with his tumor doctor / pcp if he should remain on fluconazole on discharge .
a chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) did not show a rib and he was transfered here for further evaluation .
in the past year she has had multiple recorded systolic systolic blood pressure in the 160 - 180s at various outpatient appointments .
she had a head imaging at the outside hospital which revealved bilateral subarachnoid bleeding .
his asthma developed at age 20 and is associated with nasal polyposis and acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) sensitivity .
proton pump inhibitor was initiated in the medical intensive care unit , but stopped given very low concern for upper digestive track bleeding .
he was also started on daily proton pump inhibitor as well as calcium / vitamin d supplementation .
emergency room attending did lumbar puncture felt it was not traumatic .
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography was consulted as well , and stated he is not candidate for endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography ( anatomy not amenable ) ; would need versus - guided drainage of biliary fluid .
the right lower lobe ( of lung ) collapse was thought to be the most likely cause of her new oxygen requirement .
the patient was referred to the cardiac surgery service on 2195 - 4 - 21 , for an emergency coronary artery bypass graft .
patient was continued on lasix 80mg once daily and amiloride .
her c - collar was cleared by the trauma services and she was then transferred to orthopedics .
she received blood transfusion at the time and had no reoccurrance of bleeding , with a stable . .
upon their recommendations , the patient was bolused two liters of normal saline and orthostatics were checked .
there were no brainstem reflexes and patient de - satted during obstructive sleep test ( see below ) .
this was complicated by an infection of the skin of her right mainstem intubation revealed on chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) which was then pulled back intro trachea .
she had belly pain with no fevers or chills and had a regular bowel movement with no blood and no watery stool .
in past several years , per cardiologist patent left internal mammary artery - lad , with thrombosed saphenous vein - om graft .
according to her husband she has been under a lot of stress with her 15 month old baby and resuming her job .
her hemodynamics showed pa pressures of 56 / 35 , wedge of 31 , cardiac output of 3 . 88 and index of 1 . 86 .
the patient also had blood seeping down trachea from above and moderate trachereronidiidiacia .
on the day of admission he had transient chest tightness that responded to nitroglycerin with no change on his electrocardiogram .
after discharge , it was noted on her microbiology results that she had 10 , 000 giant papillary conjunctivitis in her urine culture .
he was also started on gabapentin , titrated to 300mg three times a day .
patient will have international normalized ratio and liver function tests followed in the inpatient psychiatric unit after discharge .
she was briefly admitted to the intensive care unit on a ventilator then non - rebreather mask .
following surgery he was transferred to the cardiovascular intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition .
he was seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy .
on arrival into our intensive care unit the patient was found to be profoundly hypothermic with a core body temperature of 88 degree fahrenheit .
went to her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) where she was noted to have systolic blood pressure in the 80s , chills , clammy skin .
the belly incision staples clean , dry intact with no redness of the skin or edema .
after the ceftriaxone is discontinued , the patient should be restarted on her amoxicillin prophylaxis .
she also has extensive bone disease for which she has been on zometa , as well as medical therapy .
he also developed a allergic reaction on his back , which appeared as erythematous , non - raised target lesions .
he received several lactated bicarbonate ' s dialysis boluses while in the post - anesthesia care unit and had a dilaudid patient - controlled analgesia for pain control .
she was changed to po pain meds and her calcium values were borderline low so she was started on cancer and vitamin  d . she was able to ambulate and her foley was d  extension  c  ' ratio  d after which she had not trouble voiding .
digestive tract was consulted who recommended a barium swallow study which showed distal obstruction at the stomach and esophagus junction .
patient was 92 % on room air when seen by emergency medical service ( s ) and started on 2l nasal cannula .
also there was a failed attempt to pass the nasogastric tube past her stomach , and it remained in her stomach during the admission .
she also had 1 day of watery stool , which resolved early last week .
her coumadin was held in the medical intensive care unit , given the guiac positive stools and decreased proportion of red blood cells .
overall , the cause of his low blood pressure and hypoxia was unknown .
she was seen by patient once two - third plastic spinal brace arrived and rehab was recommended .
the large lower pole of the om1 was totally occluded by blood clot .
her anisocoria is likely secondayr to arachnoiditis affecting cranial nerve iii as it follows cranial nerve ii .
echocardiography demonstrated ef - 55 % with residual volume right ventricle dilation and dysfunction consistent with residual volume right ventricle strain secondary to acute lung  blood clot .
cultures were drawn and patient was found to have several bottles growing methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus .
continuous positive airway pressure was initiated and patient ' s mental status had mild improvement in alertness .
a third echo was obtained , to specifically look for a shunt ; a ventricular septal perforation was noted on this heart electrical activity detection .
she tolerated the procedure well , and was extubated , and brought to the recovery room in stable condition .
he subsequently underwent a colonoscopy which also showed no source of active bleeding .
was on single - medication , zestril , as outpatient , though blood pressure control is unknown .
of note , she was admitted with do not resuscitate / do not intubate status which was reversed for her surgery .
his congestive hearts failure was managed with close fluid status monitoring , cardiology consultation , and beta blockers .
he is now s  extension  p prior resection , radiation and undergoing trial with chemotherpay started back in 2201 - 3 - 26 .
was then transferred to the intensive care unit for further recovery .
she awoke neurologically intact and was extubated without difficulty .
known  surname had a high - grade methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus bacteremia from central venous line sepsis , with last positive blood cultures on 9 - 23 .
cause was thought to be due to platelet clumping seen on smear , although clostridioides difficile infection and amiadarone therapy could not be ruled out .
she had two intensive care unit transfers while here given her tendancy to drop her oxygen saturation to the 70s on a grb mask with stable blood pressure .
insulin resistanceinterventional radiology recommended blood vessel imaging abdomen which showed colonic diverticula but no active bleeding .
suspected due to nsaid use , but its endoscopic appearance on upper endoscopy was also worrisome for malignancy so patient will need close f  extension  u after acute therapy to re - upper endoscopy him .
no vitamin k was given secondary to the patient ' s anticoagulation needs .
however , she was restarted sequentially on her home amlodipine , metoprolol , hctz , and lisinopril .
official cath report from hospital1 18 pending at the time of this note , but patient had successful stenting of her vein graft with basal metabolic rate x3 .
initally , liver function tests and synthetic function peaked and n - acetyl cysteine was temporarily discontinued but restarted when liver function tests continued to peak .
the headache was thought to be triggered by pt not following instruction after spinal tap , such as bed - rest and high pressure overnight ( up to 220s systolic blood pressure .
his foley was d  extension  c  ' ratio  d on 11 - 18 and he was without red blood cells in the urine .
post cath , the patient was maintained on acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) , plavix , lipitor , angiotensin - converting enzyme inhibitor ( s ) and metoprolol .
he recievbed 2 doses of proximal intermalventional joint / tazo and 1 dose of vanco .
two jp drains were placed , one at the hilum and one posterior to the liver .
patient was transferred from outside hospital floor to intensive care unit after developed hypoxia  extension  extension worsening bilateral infiltrates on chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) .
he noticed that his abdomen has become increasingly distended , and his family noticed that his eyes were becoming increasingly yellow .
postoperative day number one , the patient was weaned off of his dobutamine completely .
this was attributed to effect of medication , and specifically his benzodiazepenes , codeine , and guiafenisen along with scolpamine patch were stopped .
the patient remained hemodynamically stable throughout hospital course and was mentating well .
international normalized ratio should be closely monitored and coumadin adjusted to the target range , and patient should be continued at the facility .
yesterday the patient ' s daughter thought he was febrile and urged him to go to the emergency department , but he again refused .
in the medical intensive care unit , a noncontrast imaging spine was obtained and was concerning for new fracture above the level of instrumentation .
anesthesia was called for elective intubation , however patient quickly became hemodynamically stable .
the patient was admitted to the transplant surgery service .
kidney and cardiology were consulted who both felt that her continued increase in creatinine was likely secondary to over diuresis .
high blood pressure thought to be secondary to chronic volume overload and significant vessel non - compliance .
her diminished mental status was felt likely related to intracerebral bleeding ( stroke and a small intracranial hemorrhage ) .
patient then noted after administration of nitro to become unresponsive for 30 seconds .
heparin was started for anticoagulation and coumadin was titrated as international normalized ratio was slow to increase to goal international normalized ratio for mechanical mitral valve .
he received vanc and zosyn empirically and was transferred to hospital1 18 for further care .
he was hemodynamically stable and his watery stool was thought to be secondary to 5 - pregnancies .
his ag increased to 21 , with a glucose of 300 , and he was transferred to the hospital unit name 153 .
the patient was transfused 2 units of blood in the medical intensive care unit , and proportion of red blood cells increased appropriately .
a rectal tube was placed resulting in a large bowel movement and a decrease in his abdominal distention .
she will need followup of international normalized ratio with cessation of lovenox once her international normalized ratio is therapeutic .
given his severe peripheral vascular disease , vascular insufficiency was also a potential cause of the pain , erythema , and ulcer formation .
she underwent heart catheterization and a angioplasty with stent placement of the circumflex artery on 2168 - 12 - 30 .
he was continued on ancef and levo , which was started in the emergency room .
he was placed on a insulin drip for managment of his diabetes as he was nothing by mouth .
the pts urine output was also decreased during this time for which he was bolused with crystalloid and transfused with hespan .
plan for body imaging without contrast given kidney failure , which was initiated but pt unable to tolerate due to agitation .
this suggested possible embolic source either from heart or from the veins in legs travelling as paradoxical emboli through a patent foramen ovale or emboli from large vessels .
however , it was likely worsened by insulin non - adherence as patient became more lethargic over the course of the week prior to admission .
positive for amphetamines , ethanol and cannibus ; patient was also with in car with his brother - in - law ( also transferred in ) likewise impaired .
he weaned from bypass in stable condition with the balloon pump in place .
came to emergency department today because granddaughter called his cardiologist who recommended evaluation .
patient did well s  extension  p trach and was able to tolerate t - piece without ventilator support .
it was felt that she was probably experiencing an acute reaction to stress which should improve with time .
overnight , he had no issues with the exception of difficult pain control despite being on a dilaudid patient - controlled analgesia .
he was given a proton pump inhibitor for digestive tract prophylaxis and a bowel regimen for prevention of constipation .
no need for fistulagram or intervention at this time .
the patient reports an ongoing cough productive of yellow phlegm for the past two months , but denies any coughing up of blood or recent worsening of this cough .
during the admission , she was clinically thought to have a vaginal / sigmoid fistula , although this was not demonstrated on imaging scan .
he had elevated troponin without elevated creatine kinase which was felt to be due to demand vs . prior event .
he was instructed how to care for his drain and will have visiting nursing association at home for further teaching .
had one drink plus one shot of alcohol , afterwards developed shortness of breath and left arm numbness .
right upper quadrant ultrasound showed gallbladder wall thickening but no stones in gallbladder or bile ducts , no common bile duct dilation , and question of intrahepatic bile duct dilation .
some erythema was noticed on the lower portion of his midline incision and ancef was continued .
of note , last month he had b  extension  l inguinal repair which was uncomplicated .
he was given 6 liters of intravenous fluids and transiently started on dopamine for a systolic blood pressure in the 80 . s
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) was clear , imaging  abd / pelvis showed no acute process process ( wet read ) , but ground - glass opacities at the lung bases .
on final read of initial chest radiograph and medical intensive care unit , review lung infection was felt less likely .
she was on vancomycin at that time but sister did not think patient was administering it appropriately .
the patient also has a graft in the left upper extremity which has clotted multiple times .
68 year - old male with recently diagnosed high blood pressure and liver mass admitted for hemodynamic monitoring from intraperitoneal bleed after liver biopsy .
her lack of enough healthy red blood cells was improving without additional transfusions by the time of discharge .
# followup - chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) should be obtained 6 weeks after discharge regarding resolving intraoperative boremal .
body imaging was obtained revealing a contrast enhancing mass in the corpus callosum .
he received insulin training prior to discharge and will have visiting nursing association at home for furhter training .
the belly  imaging was normal , chest imaging showed bilateral fluffy infiltrates , mediastinal nodes , & .
he did experience chest discomfort during admission that reponded to nitroglycerin , and repeat cardiac enzymes were again negative .
he was then referred to radiology for placement of percutaneous gallbladder drainage .
she was given an extra dose of depakote during the hospital and the level at discharge was therapeutic at 57 .
she was volume resusciated with normal saline and electrolytes were repleted as necessary .
will have patient obtain a repeat echo in 2 weeks with his outpatient cardiologist to assess for improvement in left ventricular ejection fraction .
the patient was additionally found during his stay to have frequent contamination of his sacral chronic ulcer with feces .
as acute coronary syndrome and lung blood clot were ruled out , bb , statin , heparin were discontinued .
fen - nutrition he was closely monitered and underwent swallow test . . rehab he was seen by occupational therapy / pt who felt that the patient needed rehab .
patient was in ventricular fibrillation arrest and was coded , shocked 7 times , intubated and transferred here for urgent heart catheterization .
remained with flaccid paralysis at both sided lower extremities throughout hospitalization .
right upper quadrant  u  extension  s showed a cirrhotic liver and hypoities , but without evidence of inflammation of the gallbladder or paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia .
most of his staples were removed at the time of discharge but a few were left in .
his evaluation revealed a large frontal scalp laceration with multiple facial fractures , a left bronch with rib fractures , and a c7 fracture .
he complains of generalized weakness and some fatigue with only minimal ambulation .
he received 10 mg vitamin k and protonix in the emergency department .
in the emergency department  feeding tube was placed which initially had bright red blood bu then lavaged clear , however pt continued to have bright red blood from nasogastric tube .
due to monocytosis on complete blood count diff a bone marrow biopsy was obtained to rule out malignancy .
patient was breathing stabilized and stated on octretide ad midodrine for hepatorenal syndrome .
emergency medical service ( s ) found her unresponsive and brought her to the emergency department .
abdomen  u  extension  s negative , chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) revealed st  r pleural effusion .
the patient was restarted on coumadin , however , given his past medical history , he may not be a candidate for coumadin therapy .
underwent urgent surgery . by vein heparization began in the emergency substo .
he failed and actually had a paradoxical reaction to inhaled steroids and has been prednisone dependent for 10 years .
she had an internal jugular line placed and code sepsis intitiated .
known  surname was taken to the operating room where he underwent heart disease status post right coronary artery bypass grafting to three vessels .
despite bag ventilation , o2 saturation drops and intubation is attempted .
he returned to the floor , and had two additional episodes of ventricular high heartbeat rhythm the following day .
later in the morning was more oriented , and noted to be primarily angry and doubtful of his diagnosis .
after a one day stay in the critical care unit where she was diuresed and weaned of ventilator to a 70 % facemask , she was transferred back to the floor on 10 - 30 .
the patient received a stent to the om - 2 and the patient was transferred to the critical care unit for further observation .
gram negative rods in urine on recent admission , found to be pansensitive ( except to total membrane pressure / smx ) k . pneumoniae .
all these lab abnormalities downtrended by discharge , at which point he felt totally well .
81 male with high blood pressure , hct and dementia presents with low blood pressure and tricuspid nodewellingntry tachycardia .
tox screen was also positive for cocaine , alanine transaminase acid and acetaminophen .
blood cultures grew both klebsiella and enterococcus ( two species including vancomycin - resistant enterococcus ) .
she began walking with physical therapy and by postoperative days # 5 she was able to climb a flight of stairs without difficulty and was cleared for discharge to home .
the case was complicated by low blood pressure and slow heart rate severe enought to require dopamine infusion .
with aggressive lung toilet , nebs , chest pt his oxygen requirements improved on 3l nasal cannula with oxygen saturations of 96 - 98 % .
however , it was restarted after his creatinine had trended down with no rebound elevation of the creatinine .
slight concern for adrenal insufficiency in setting of high doses of by vein steroids .
his thyroid stimulating hormone was slighlty elevated but there was concern over med complicane so his prior dose was resumed .
68 - year - old male with history of high blood pressure who presented to hospital3 hospital on 6 - 3 with substernal chest pain and shortness of breath .
however , once his digestive tract bleed continued and he was still in breathing failure , his mother made the decision to make him comfort care .
persistant mild to moderate intra and extra hepatic biliary duct dilation was also seen .
she received three days of antibiotic prophylaxis ( one of vancomycin , two of levofloxacin ) for this procedure .
she was initially evaluated in an outside hospital where she was found to have diaphragm injury and was transferred to hospital1 69 for further work - up .
patient will have visiting nursing association to follow and do wound dressing changes daily .
the patient was started on metoptolol and lisinopril prior to discharge .
he was kept nothing by mouth , given by vein fluids ; serial proportion of red blood cells and abdominal exams were followed closely .
an low - density lipoprotein level returned elevated at 110 , for which she was initiated on simvastatin at a low dose .
patient did not have significant elevation of liver enzymes , but continued to have recr .
59 yearo old female  past medical history ( see also medical history )  high blood pressure , break in the inner lining of the stomach and left subclavian artery narrowing of a blood vessel ?
the patient was extubated to ventilator following her bronchoscopy .
his rate was eventually controlled and the diltiazem drip was stopped .
the patient was maintained on the ventilator and was given diuresis as well as antibiotics with limited clinical improvement .
his coronary angiogram showed no significant coronary artery disease and he was electively admitted for mitral valve repair or replacement .
in emergency department , had a chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) read as pulonary  edema vs . infiltrate .
neurology was again re - consulted due to the left upper extremity weakness and the patient not waking up after being off sedation .
911 was activated and emergency medical service ( s ) returned to the house .
she underwent ventricular drain placement to decrease neonatal , but continued to have limited brainstem reflexes .
no loss of consciousness , single episode bloody emesis en route to hospital1 18 .
he was transferred to the floor on postoperative days # 2 and his epicardial pacing wires were discontinued on postoperative days # 3 .
patient recommended he have acute patient as an outpatient .
he then had mild guiac negative stool and oozing from arterial line site .
the right sided external ventricular drain was removed after placment of a left frontal external ventricular drain .
on postoperative day one , aspirin , beta blockade and a statin were resumed .
she was started on mass transfusion protocol as well as levophed improving her blood pressure to 120s .
cardiology was consulted and recommended heart cath as outpatient once acute issues resolved .
after evaluation in the emergency department , mr  known  surname 25704 was taken urgently to the operating room for debridement , foreign body removal and packing of the open wound .
head imaging was negative in setting of trauma and supratherapeutic international normalized ratio .
endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography fellow called to floor at 930am for frequent loose bowel movement which appeared to be mel musctic .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) showed no evidence to suggest lung infection or aspiration .
patient was initially treated with cefepime and vancomycin , renally dosed .
she presented with upper digestive track bleed , lung infection , sepsis .
patient was treated conservative with fluid hydration , and monitored closely on the rising acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) level .
recent imaging scan revealed an increasing abnormal bulge from 6 . 7 to 7 . 8 involving the distal ascending and aortic arch .
the patient had a creatine transaminase kinase of 91 with a troponin of 0 . 05 .
a repeat ultrasound of the right upper extremity deep venous blood clots showed that it was a non occlusive clot .
at catheter they first engaged the left and found left circumflex artery with 80 % mid lestion .
ultrasound performed with evidence of fluid collection along course of arteriovenous graft . transesophageal echocardiogram attempted but had to be aborted due to gagging .
blood cultures , urine cultures , and chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) were negative .
this is an 80 year old man on coumadin for a - fib who presented to outside hospital after a seizure .
admitted for by vein albumin , antibiotics for possible right upper lobe ( of lung )  lung infection seen on chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) , and fluid optimization .
emergency medical service ( s ) was called and the patient was found to be hypotic and temporary cessation of breathing at arrival .
patient returned to hospital1 18 for same day admission following his cath and discharge 1 week earlier .
she remained not feverish and her blood pressure was well controlled .
catherization complicated by global st elevations , slow heart rate requring atropine and hypotension requiring dopamine .
he was subsequently weaned off his nicardipine drip after the re - initiation of his home antihypertensives .
from the negative trauma work - up , it is probably safe to say the cause of his loss of consciousness was biological rather than mechanical .
a family meeting was held to let them know of the results , and they had further discussion with new main organ fistula regarding organ donation , which they agreed to .
patient admitted to hospital1 18 and underwent a heart  catheter which revealed left main coronary artery and 2 vessel disease .
electrocardiogram was remarkable for v5 , v4 st elevations .
extubated that evening and transferred to the floor on postoperative days # 1 to begin increasing his activity level .
in addition , human immunodeficiency virus and quantitative immunoglobulin g were checked to rule out immunocompromisedstated .
# acute blood loss anemia : patient had significant estimated blood loss ( see bleeding ) during his surgery .
he was given acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) , atropine and fluids , his heart rate increased to 80 and his electrocardiogram normalized .
he was given etomidate and rocuronium pre - intubation and placed on propofol drops .
the next morning the patient still was not having bare - metal stent .
chest x - ray near the time of discharge revealed resolved aspiration lung infection .
flexible catheter thrombus : patient received left flexible catheter line on 2111 - 9 - 19 for parenteral antibiotics due to his bacteremia .
no abnormal bulge , masses or thrombi were seen in the left ventricle .
she also had shortness of breath during admission , with evidence of hypercapella , and was found to have bilateral pleural much fluid and mild lung  edema .
this is a 34 year old right handed man with ahistory of high blood pressure who was transferred from an outside hospital with left  brain artery stroke .
he was brought to hospital3 36606 hospital where he was noted to resist suctioning of his endotracheal tube , but was otherwise unresponsive .
he was transferred to the medical intensive care unit , and chest tube was placed for left hem marrow ; the patient was subsequently sent to the trauma intensive care unit for further care .
she was started on electroencephalogram to evaluate for seizures .
high concentration of sodium likely related to volume depletion and lack of access to free water .
the patient was maintained on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale with valium .
beta blockers and diuretics were started and he was gently diuresed towards his pre - op weight .
he got up and took some brus with an improvement in these symptoms .
in the emergency department , initial vital signs notable for low blood pressure to 80s .
he will need his liver function tests followed as an outpatient .
she has continued to have chest discomfort several times a week and was seen by cardiology today .
she presented to the emergency department where she underwent an upper endoscopy which revealed portal gastrooticy and severe inflammation of the esophagus but no active bleeding .
he had similar palpitations 6 months after his heart attack / cath in 2146 , that resolved spontaneously .
she reported that she had been on an alcohol binge for several days , last drink was 3 days prior .
he received by vein fluid boluses as needed at keep systolic blood pressure > 90 . .
he was weaned to nasal canula however his hospital course was complicated by frequent episodes of breathing distress and insufficient oxygen .
her watery stool is described as soft but not watery .
of note , he has had on and off arm pain that was non - exertional over the past 3 days .
he has a stroke risk with abnormal heart rate score of 2 and so would indicate anticoagulation with coumadin if safe after his repeat upper endoscopy in mid - month 958 . .
it was also mentioned to him to ask his digestive tract doctor at his f  extension  u visit if he needed a pill endoscopy .
once ms improved , patient left against medical advice , alcohol profile pending on discharge .
she was discharged home with visiting nursing association services and the appropriate follow - up appointments .
imaging scan of the head confirmed an infarct in the left main coronary artery territory likely due to atrial abnormal heart rhythms .
echo with preserved global and regional biventricular systolic function ( ejection fraction > 55 % ) .
patient completed a 14 day course of vancomycin for methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus windpipe infection .
he received a diagnostic paracentesis which did not reveal systolic blood pressure .
suspect that much of her presentation now is attributable almost entirely to alcoholic hepatitis .
at the time of discharge her international normalized ratio was 5 . 7 and she was recieving no coumadin .
he states that he has a history of abnormal heart rate , but he does not take any medication for it .
blood vessel imaging of the chest showed no emboli , but was consistent with lung  edema .
patients white count and fevers decreased and he was not feverish at discharge .
initially she was on a dilaudid patient - controlled analgesia for pain control .
the patient ' s code status was full code during this admission .
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , she was drowsy but awakens to sternal rub is alert and oriented .
prior to this admission , he was admitted two weeks prior with angina and ruled in for a nstemi .
at time of admission , he was complaining of increasing fatigue .
the patient ' s cardiologist will monitor his international normalized ratio on discharge .
sensitivities elevation was thought likely secondary to right hand strain but not to acute coronary syndrome .
he continues to have significant diarrhea and weight loss and will follow - up with his digestive tract doctor .
she was transitioned to under skin insulin once the gap was closed .
patient had 12 mm of midline shift with a 30 mm subdural hematoma which was chronic in appearance .
given the patients history of cirrhosis and liver disease the hepatology service was consulted who performed an upper endoscopy and found grade 3 bleeding esophageal enlarged veins .
he will complete a 14 day course of vancomycin with blood filtering dosing .
as she was not a tissue plasminogen activator candidate given timing of presentation , the patient was taken to the interventional radiology suite .
surgery was consulted who felt that the patient did not have acute inflammation of the gallbladder and that his right upper quadrant tenderness and liver function test abnormalities were most likely due to transient passage of a stone .
patient is refusing intubation but according to her health care personnel she is a full code .
she had no further of episodes of bleeding with a stable proportion of red blood cells and was deemed stable for discharge home .
she is being called out to the medical floor for further management of presumed digestive track bleeding , low blood sodium and ethanol cirhosis .
creatinine 2 . 9 on admission , which is below previous baseline , but trended up slightly .
plays golf regularly and on average uses 1 sl nitro every 3 - 4 days which alleviates his chest pain or pressure .
we controlled pt ' s pain with oxycodone 2 . 5mg every 4 hours  prn and acetaminophen 650mg once every 6 hours  prn .
pts  international normalized ratio elevated on admission , likely from interaction of coumadin and one of her antibiotics or other new meds .
the bloody bare - metal stent were not preceded by worsening watery stool or other symptoms suggestive of an inflammatory bowel disease exacerbation .
body imaging was done to r  extension  o cord compression vs epidural abscess and was normal .
at the time of discharge , the patient ' s blood pressure remained stable with systolic pressures in the 110s - 130s .
as she also presented with increase in the number of white blood cells , there was concern over localized abscess .
a ampullary stricture was noted and plans were made to readdress with prechymalaretomy in a month .
the patient had bilateral pleural much fluid postoperative and had chest tubes placed bilaterally .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) 2110 - 1 - 11 showed worsening airspace opacities in the right middle lobe ( of lung ) and left lower lobe with worsening pleural much fluid .
patient will need to have lung function tests checked as an outpatient .
she was seen and evaluated by physical therapy and occupational therapy who felt that she was stable to go home with patient / occupational therapy services .
this study revealed mild inflammatory stranding of the sigmoid colon which was suggestive of diverticulitis .
he reports having chronic pain that is managed by long acting morphine 15 mg up to 4 times per day and a fentanyl patch 75 mcg .
normal digits and creases and age - appropriate and symmetric tone and reflexes .
she became low blood pressure to 90 systolic which responded to intravenous fluid boluses up to 110 systolic .
by the time of discharge on postoperative days 5 the patient was walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
pathology and imaging imaging was sent from hospital3 for further interpretation .
foley d  extension  c  ' ratio  d , diet well tolerated and pain well controlled .
shoulder pain : the patient complained of left shoulder pain with a restricted passive and active range of motion consistent with adhesive capsulitis .
8 ) coagulopathy : pt has poor synthetic liver function and he was given fresh frozen plasma for procedures .
his febln was 46 % and oxya was 1 % making a prerenal pictures less likely .
thoracic surgery was consulted and performed a mediastinoscopy for which the sampled lymph nodes were negative for malignant cells .
he was given mucomyst for kidney protection from contrast .
a obstructive lung disease flair was thought unlikely as she was not wheezing .
he also had 3 - 4 episodes of several minutes of horizontal diplopia .
most likely due to hypovolemia in setting of sepsis .
the suprarenal component of his abnormal bulge was stable without any change in size over a significant period of time with monitoring .
patient was initially taken emergently to brain biopsy , and was admitted to the intensive care unit , where concern was for toxoplasmosis vs . central nervous system lymphoma .
his course was complicated by repeated exacerbations of worsening lung infection , and lung  edema .
he will follow - up with orthopedics spine clinic on dishcharge .
he was admitted to the trauma service for further evaluation and treatment of these injuries .
he was taken here for evaluation and head imaging revealed an intracerebral hemorrhage .
initial whole blood care unit for treatment of low blood sugar .
patient transfused one unit of packed red blood cells on 6 - 26 with good platelets response .
patient had one episode of vomiting of blood after upper endoscopy but stayed hemodynamically stable .
she was given ten units of insulin and started on an insulin drip .
he will follow up with his oncology team regarding further treatment .
he was transferred to the intensive care unit in critical but stable condition .
belly incision appeared pink at staple insertion sites on right side where he also had some swelling and pain to touch .
upper endoscopy revealed multiple non - bleeding erosions in antrum , non - bleeding ulcer in pyloric channel .
37 year - old man transferred from outside hospital after being struck by car while intoxicated with alcohol and traveling on a bicycle .
in the emergency department , the patient reported chest pain only with cough .
on sunday she reports worsening in her symptoms and shortness of breath , shortness of breath , air hunger , fever / chills and sweats .
she was started on quetiapine initially for suspected icu - related delirium .
the patient also was given by vein acyclovir prior to presentation to hospital1 18 in case the patient ' s clinical picture represented herpes encephalitis .
he went to his regularly scheduled pulmonology follow up appointment today , where he was found to be hypoxic to 75 % on 4blc after walking in from the car .
stroke thought secondary to abnormal heart rate , not on coumadin .
imaging scans of head were done which just showed age related volume loss but no acute abnormalities .
an nasogastric tube and rectal drain were placed intraoperatively .
the patient was transferred to the telemetry floor for further recovery .
the patient is a 77 year old female with a history of heart disease  s  extension  p  heart bypass surgery , insulin dependent diabetes , high blood pressure , high levels of fats and sisisi who presents with an episode of right sided chest pain .
by post - operative day # 5 , patient was alert and oriented and back to baseline mental status .
he maintained a normal normal heart rate rhythm without atrial or ventricular arrhythmias .
he carries a diagnosis of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder , which reportedly had been causing an obstructed left ureter .
following the benzos , he was able to be aroused and have conversations , but was sleepy .
she is admitted to the medical intensive care unit , for further evaluation of her abnormal heart rate with irregular pumping of blood through the heart and shortness of breath .
he reports 2 - 14 lifetime episodes , each time a  extension  w chest pressure and shortness of breath , which started a few months ago while at a rehab facility .
this digestive tract process would explain the elevated lactate and subsequent low blood pressure from septic shock , though the pattern is strange and does not coincide with an restriction in blood supply pattern or any particular disease process .
within 24 hours , he awoke neurologically intact and was extubated without incident .
69 y  extension  o male with h  extension  o atrial abnormal heart rhythms , heart artery  stenosis , and coronary artery disease who is now having increased symptoms of shortness of breath on exertion .
the circumflex was large with a tubular 70 % stenosis of mid vessel and a long 70 - 80 % stenosis before the left posterior descending artery .
later on operative day he was weaned from sedation , awoke neurologically intact and extubated .
notably patient is febrile to 102 . 6 , has an elevated white blood cell , has a palpable gallbladder , and appears to be suffering from frank sepsis .
sputum revealed moderate growth of oropharyngeal flora ; no pathogens were isolated .
45 year - old male with unknown medical history found down , slumped over against a building .
known  surname is a 32 year old woman with ulcerative colitis on cyclosporine who developed a headache six days ago , and now presents today with bizarre behaviors according to her mom .
lights , noise , and head movement exacerbate the discomfort , as does exertion ( eg coughing and sneezing ) .
in the intensive care unit , cyclosporin levels were checked every morning and cyclosporin was redosed if level < 100 as per 650  records .
per outside hospital report , toxicology screen was positive for opiates .
this was not further evaluation on this hospitalization given the patients acute illness .
no new areas of hypoarsiity seen with slightly enlarged leftward shift .
she has known osteoarthritis and will follow - up with her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) for this problem .
her chest discomfort has been noticeable to her for the past two years , but currently is occurring on a daily basis .
he admitted to shortness of breath while in the emergency department , denied any belly pain , sick , vomiting , or watery stool .
given cocaine use , could also consider heart attack with cardiogenic shock .
pleural and subcutaneous chest tubes to suction  w  extension serosang drainage .
an body imaging and magnetic resonance angiography showed subarachnoid bleeding in the left sylvian fissure with decreased fluro angioplasty core [ ] in the left internal carotid artery . .
outpatient thyroid ultrasound is recommended as outpatient for further workup .
evaluated by neurosurg and ortho trauma , intracranial hemorrhage and fractures deemed non - operable .
she was tolerating by mouth ( per os ) without difficulty and placed back on all of her home medicines .
on transfer to the floor her insulin was changed to 30u lantus every night at bedtime to avoid low blood sugar .
this is a 74 year - old man who presented to hospital6 3872 with increased shortness of breath on exertion and worsening exertional chest pain since one month .
ear , nose , and throat ( see otolaryngology ) did not think this was operable and wanted to initiate radiation to help shrink the tumor and airway compromise .
the patient initially was placed on vanco / cefepime for possible sepsis ( lactate up to 3 . 4 on 2145 - 1 - 17 ) .
this is a patient with multiple medical problems who has been followed by the podiatry service for a nonhealing right fifth toe ulceration which has been refractory to conservative treatment for over the last 6 weeks .
she was subsequently stabilized , and transferred back to the medical floor for continued management .
the patient was made comfortable and she expired several hours later .
we ordered a kidneys , ureters , and bladder ( x - ray ) to evaluate for obstruction , given the length of constipation .
we started him on bactrim wat daily for primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) prophylaxis given his cd4 count of 55 .
she returned to her baseline state for roughly one week when she awoke with crampy lower belly pain .
she is currently complainign of pain in the saphenous vein graft debridement site .
after extensive discussion with family , the decision to defer heart bypass surgery was made based on high risk of peri - operative mortality .
he was recently diagnosed with bicuspid aortic valve and ascending aortic  aneurysm on heart electrical activity detection in 2104 - 5 - 22 .
several gauze pads were applied with poor control of bleeding .
this is a 63 - year - old female hospitalized at an outside hospital on 5 - 1 with several sputum production .
she was on max dopa and levo added for support .
with patient living alone at home and legally blind , personal hygiene and medication compliance are issues .
the patient underwent fiberoptic bronch on 10 - 14 , which showed 40 % anterior movement of the posterior tracheal wall during exhalation , as well as almost complete obstruction of the left and right main bronchi during exhalation .
spent the night on continuous positive airway pressure  room air and satting 98 % .
there was a possible small fistulae from grh  right coronary artery and left main to pa or mediastinum .
she underwent imaging  belly / pelvis which revealed no evidence of retroperitoneal hemorrhage .
he received cefepime 2gm , vancomycin 1gm , furosemide 100mg by vein once , acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) 325mg by mouth ( per os ) once .
he was extubated within 2 hours of arrival to cardiovascular intensive care unit with pain control an issue post operatively .
she had a foley , right chest tube , jp drain and an nasogastric to suction .
he was cardioverted during admission and aggressively diuresed in the critical care unit .
has been on coumadin for one month since last formation of blood clot in deep vein .
this is a 67 year old female s  extension  p rollover motor vehicle crash the patient was a restrained driver .
she was instructed to weigh herself daily and report > 3 lb weight gain to her doctor .
patient pletal was initially held until it was shown his proportion of red blood cellss were stable .
was given 2mg by vein ativan and intubated for airway protection .
there was considerable variation in measurements - an arterial line was attempted for invasive monitoring without success .
the patient has been worked up with an body imaging scan that shows the tight posterior fossa with inferior displacement of parts of the cerebellum to the level of c1 .
recommend increasing atenolol dose if becomeshoictensiveensive above goal becomes hyertensive above goal after discharge . after discharge .
an arthrocentesis was performed showing high white blood cell count and cultures grew out conjunctivitis .
as these stomach disease type symptoms seem to be occurring with more frequency , he sought consultation with his primary physician who started him on acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) , atenolol and omeprazole .
heart  catheter revealed severe 3 volume of distribution with preserved ejection fraction .
h  extension  o  lung infection : while in surgical intensive care unit , patient was intubated and sputum cx grew coag + staph aureas and e . coli ( pan sensitive ) .
digestive tract was notified and he was sent to the medical intensive care unit , for further care .
as volume was added , the patient was kept on phenylephrine to keep systolic blood pressure > 85 .
his labs were noteable for creatinine of 1 . 5 , sodium of 132 , white blood cell of 12 . 9 .
her white blood cell did trend down , and she remained not feverish and stable .
she received bicarb / mucomyst pretreatment for catheter and the angiotensin - converting enzyme was held .
the family and health care personnel did not want any further interventions , so the patient was made do not resuscitate / do not intubate and comfort measures only .
in the emergency department , the patient arrived rapid breathing to the 40s , using her accessory muscles , and saturating in the 80s .
q day , 125 mg of solu - medrol intravenously times one and 6 units of regular subcutaneous insulin .
name ( ni ) 6419 recipient and donor are cytomegalovirus negative and a positive .
of note , wife is very angry about the fact that patient was released to home from digestive tract procedure suite today .
another upper endoscopy was performed hd7 where a bicap probe was applied to the bleeding portion of the lesion with cessation of the bleeding .
he went to the emergency department and was deemed low risk for injury and was discharged home .
she was scheduled for outpatient permanent right ventricle to evaluate for access for future chemo sessions and will likely need chest port .
of note , there was no evidence of focal and segmental thrombocytities which would be present in the setting of human immunodeficiency virus  pancreatitis , nor was there any evidence of high blood pressure  pancreatitis and thus angiotensin - converting enzyme inhibitors were not initiated .
treatment was initiated with antibiotics ( ceftriaxon , levoquin ) for lung infection , and steroids for obstructive lung disease flare .
he developed chest pain on postoperative days # 1 and cardiac enzymes were positive .
79 year old man with extensive cardiac and surgical history who is transfered from outside hospital for chest pain .
on postoperative days five he was also noted to have a small amount of drainage from the lower most pole of his sternal incision .
she had a brief period of overspeed heart rate / flutter and lasix 20 mg by vein was repeated - > diuresed 1300 cc ' s in total .
transesophageal echocardiogram showed ebsteins anomaly with markedly dilated chf / r with focal ejection hypokinesis , severe tricuspid regurgitation , small left ventricle with focal inferior hypokinesis with ejection fraction > 60 % , trace mr , no aortic aortic with .
her echo showed mild basal inferolateral hypokinesis with ejection fraction > 55 % .
longstanding left foot ulcer with recent imaging at outside hospital showing an infection of bone per reports .
in the emergency department , the patient was overspeed heart rate , insufficient oxygen on room air on arrival .
per her report she was reccently started on a new medication for her magnesium ( mestinon 30 mg four times a day ) earlier in the week .
he has had chest pain since his catheterization in 2168 about once a month w  extension exertion but notes that it resolves quickly w  extension rest .
52 years old man with known heart disease  s  extension  p inferior heart attack ( 2089 ) and stenting in 2090 and 2096 .
postoperative days 1 found the patient extubated , alert and oriented and breathing comfortably .
she was ordered for 2 units packed red blood cells ( not given due to difficult crossmatch ) , crossmatched 4 units .
cultures were sent , and urinalysis was suggestive of urinary tract infection .
postoperative proportion of red blood cells was low and she was transfused packed red blood cells with good effect .
echo was performed that demonstrated mildly dilated left ventricle , left ventricle systolic function moderately depressed w  extension hypokinesis if the entire septum and inferior wall , and 1 + mr .
on post - operative day 4 a imaging scan revealed worsening effusion and the patient again was taken for video - assisted thoracoscopy surgery with evacuation of hem fat .
he was recently noted to have a rise of his carcinpionicryonic antigen and on 2184 - 6 - 4 underwent a imaging scan of the abdomen and pelvis which demonstrated metastatic disease in segments 4 and 5 of the liver .
later that day she had elevation of brain pressure to 30s it was decided to bring her to the operating room ( aka operating theatre ) for a right temporal clot evacuation with intraphyiectomy .
a blood vessel imaging of the neck was completed which showed no significant carotid artery narrowing of a blood vessel .
he had persistent secretions and was given guaifenesin w / codeine on a prn basis as a mucolytic .
an epidural and patient - controlled analgesia were provided for pain control .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) showed poor inflation of the lungs with enlarged heart borders consistent with her pericardial efussion .
84 m russian speaking , h  extension  o  heart disease ( s  extension  p  right coronary artery and left anterior descending ( a coronary artery ) stenting 2186 ) , dm2 , high blood pressure , , , h  extension  o recurrent aspiration lung infection , who presents with acute onset of shortness of breath from nursing home  .
she was evaluated by the cardiology fellow who transfered her from outside hospital to here to be cathed .
2 ) liver failure - patient with hepatitis c virus cirrhosis , progressive metastatic hepatocellular carcinoma , and portal vein thrombosis .
given concern for a neoplasm of the pancreas , ampulla , or common bile duct , or porta hepatis nodes causing intermittent biliary obstruction , she was admitted to an outside hospital 3 - 31 for further w  extension  u .
she was admitted to the medical intensive care unit , for watermic in the setting of bradycardia with concern for cardiogenic low blood pressure or evolving sepsis .
proportion of red blood cells and blood pressure remained stable for the remainder of her stay .
hepatology saw the patient with plan for colonoscopy in the morning .
he was transfused total of 7 units and proportion of red blood cells stabalized at 30 .
patient arrived intubated and was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit .
on postoperative days one and two , he remained in the intensice care unit for hemodynamic support .
patient ' s proportion of red blood cells remained stable after the colonoscopy , he tolerated full diet and did not have any further episodes of bloody bowel movements .
went to primary care proxy office on 7 - 29 with one month of watery watery stool and shortness of breath typical of her obstructive lung disease flares .
however , after extensive discussion , given his overall improvement , and national institutes of health stroke scale less than 10 , it was decided not to take him for inter  tissue plasminogen activator or clot retrieval .
this is a age over 90 y  extension  o female with a history of hypothyroidism who presented to the hospital with worsening legs  extremity  edema and new onset atrial abnormal heart rhythms .
two large bore by veins were placed and he was made nothing by mouth .
however , dilantin was discontinued after last couple months revealed normal activity .
he was treated with antibiotics for his lung infection as well .
the patient was neurologically intact and hemodynamically stable , weaned from inotropic and vasopressor support .
in the intensive care unit , the patient was continued on a pantoprazole drops , transitioned to hospital1 on the floor .
patient with transient high blood pressure thought to be due to fluid mobilization after aggressive fluid hydration .
known  surname 57100 is a 52 y  extension  o male who resides in prison was transferred to hospital1 18 from hospital hospital via ambulance with a known subarachnoid bleeding .
by mouth ( per os )  meds were held except midodrine which he was tolerating by end of unit stay .
the medical examiner decided to take his case for a online medical invasive given the patient ' s recent spinal cord surgery at new woman gentletist and his abnormal decrease decrease in the number of platelets in the blood and his young age .
she received 30 minutes of chest compressions which may have been suboptimal as tandem heart was being placed .
female with past medical history significant for congestive hearts failure , heart disease  s  extension  p  heart bypass surgery , and chronic kidney disease presenting with congestive hearts failure exacerbation complicated by last name on chronic kidney disease requiring initiation of dialysis .
white blood cell increased from 11 on admission to 17 the following day , though she remained not feverish .
while on the medical floor , nasogastric tube was replaced given worsening of her belly pain and distension .
given her history of extended spectrum beta - lactamase ( see also gram - negative bacteria ) in the past , she was covered with imipenim and gentamicin .
patient was started on gabapentin and a lidocaine patch .
the patient spiked a temperature of 102 in the emergency department and received acetaminophen .
28 year old female with type i dibetes who presents to medical intensive care unit , for diabetic ketoacidosis # diabetic ketoacidosis : patient presented with high blood sugar , acidosis with anion gap , and ketones in urine consistent with diabetic ketoacidosis .
he was hydrated with 1 l normal saline prior to the study .
patient was on ceftazidine and levaquin after the extubation and was transferred to the medical floor prior to discharge .
he was diuruesed , but continued to require high levels of fraction of inspired oxygen and positive end - expiratory pressure .
he has been having shortness of breath for the past month and is followed in heart failure clinic by dr first name ( stitle ) 437 .
cardiology was consulted and felt that the electrocardiogram was not concerning for a new cardiac event .
the baby was extracted with breech presentation with significant bruising of the extremities .
then was per emergency medical service ( s ) confused , unable to follow commands , aggitated , but apparently oriented to time of day and place .
right upper quadrant ultrasound showed evidence of gallbladder disease with no evidence of inflammation of the gallbladder , but no portal vein blood clots .
according to emergency medical service ( s ) , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive .
her oral analgesia was increased and additional analgesia was added to her regimen .
# diabetes type ii ( a1c 11 . 2 in 3 - 7 ) patient was on injury severity scale plus long acting while in house and is discharged on home regimen of insulin for continued primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) follow up .
he became hypotensive to systolic blood pressure 60s and was given y vein fluids  normal saline 400cc which brought up his blood pressure to systolic blood pressure 130s .
she was weaned off hypergraloinemia , hyperkaonemia , kacitrenol ( syndrome ] therapy and transferred to step down on 6 - 27 , when her sutures were also removed .
evidence of intraventricular septum flattening on imaging chest report and on fast u  extension  s in emergency department with residual volume right ventricle dysfunction .
imaging scan revealed large fluid / air space collection with mass effect , differential diagnosis includes infection mass .
he was given continuous positive airway pressure followed by bag mask ventilation .
dibetes : the patient is currently being managed well on brain swelling and a regular insulin sliding scale .
direct anti transaminase test was positive for anti - cytosine , which according to the blood bank , was not enough to account for what would have been the degree of hemolysis needed for the lack of response .
blood pressure improved with y vein fluids and has remained stable for days prior to discharge without additional fluid boluses .
his liver function test ' s improved daily with aspartate transaminase decreasing to 28 , alanine transaminase 55 , pneum phos 115 , and t . bili 1 . 8 .
her bicarb vein fluids were discontinued as it was felt she was resolved from her overdose .
# hypoglycemia : patient has no hx of diabetes or taking oral or subq diabetes medications .
81 y  extension  o male with a history of abnormal heart rate , heart failure c  extension  b recurrent transudative pleural effusions presenting with acute breathing distress following pleurodesis .
please  extension  consultation had also been consulted , and performed a bedside ultrasound .
she was brought emergently to the operating room ( aka operating theatre ) a right sided craniotomy for evacuation of hematom .
during that hospitalization she was admitted with concern for heart attack , but had a cath with nonocclusive heart disease and only narrowing of the arteries .
the high blood pressure was eventually controlled by re - instituting his regular medications and increasing his dose of lisinopril .
dilaudid patient - controlled analgesia was used postoperatively to control pain , then transitioned to oral narcotics .
metabolic acidosis : he had an anion gap acidosis which remained unchanged throughout his admission , likely from urine in the blood and / or lactic acid from sepsis .
vomited small amount of bright red blood in emergency department .
revision failed , however , thoracic surgery reported a large area of necrotic tissue with difficulty localizing the anterior wall of the trachea .
patient was initially treated in the intensive care unit and received three adenosine monophosphate of bicarbonate .
she waxed and waned in her mental status , which was likely delerium related to her heart attack and infection .
imaging revealed mild to moderate reversible defects in the left anterior descending ( a coronary artery ) and posterior descending artery territories .
her only physical complaint was of heartburn , no worse than her usual acid reflux symptoms .
per emergency department report , emergency medical service ( s ) gave patient dose of ceftriax epinephrine , benadryl , and nebs .
patient has developed right sided reproducible chest pain non - pleuitic but worse with coughing and soreness of her lower ribs / abd muscles with coughing .
on review of systems , he denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , deep venous thrombosis , lung  blood clot , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , coughing up of blood , black stools or red stools .
he was noted to have scant sanguinous drainage from the midportion of his sternal incision .
a heparin drops was started several times throughout her hospital stay but had to be held because of a dropping proportion of red blood cells , hematuria or subcutaneous hematoma .
the physical therapy service was consulted for assistance with his postoperative strength and mobility .
post - operatively the patient did well , with no major complications .
he presented this time with shortness of breath and difficulty swallowing , which started this afternoon occuring mutliple times per hour .
cardiology was consulted and determined that catheter was not indicated at this time given recent digestive tract bleed .
he had a bone marrow biopsy performed on that day as well .
she initially tolerated extubation well however gradually experienced more breathing distress and started on a morphine drip and scopalamine patch .
patient improved neurologically , was seen by physical therapy and occupational therapy and found to require acute rehabilitation prior to discharge to home .
she also endorses subjective fevers and chills but denies shortness of breath , cough , painful urination , n  extension  v / d , night sweats , sick contacts , running nose , sinus congestion , headache .
the patient initially required aggressive lung toilet with hourly suctioning .
he recently had stent placed , increasing his risk for a digestive tract infection source .
patient and his family have expressed an interest in getting his follow up care in nursing home , closer to home .
later that same day he went to endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography for a biliary stent was placed successfully across the cystic duct opening in the common bile duct with the distal stent in the duodenum .
this is a 71 year - old woman with metastatic kidney cell carcinoma diagnosed in 3 - 22 and obstructive lung disease being transferred to the hospital unit name 153 section  extension  p left radical nephrectomy for breathing monitoring .
his prostatic biopsy was scheduled due to a recently elevated prostate - specific antigen of 7 . 2 .
a mri scan at the outside hospital revealed a 0 . 5 cm left frontal contusion .
age over 90 yo  female with history of dementia , depression , high blood pressure and obesity transferred from nursing home with bright red blood per rectum .
she received a total of 2 units packed red blood cells during her stay , and responded well to these transfusions .
a kidneys , ureters , and bladder ( x - ray ) was done for belly distension and tympanitic exam which showed possible bowel obstruction .
she was initially admitted to the medical intensive care unit , and was transferred to the floor on 2158 - 5 - 4 .
he developed blurry vision on 2140 - 2 - 8 , a head magnetic resonance imaging scan at that time was without abnormalities .
a head computed tomography showed calcifications in pons with no metastasis .
she went for repeat tap by intermalventional joint , but they could not see an area to tap on ultrasound , and decided to bronch her instead with bronchoalveolar lavage british anti - lewisite blood vein .
patient presented with an proportion of red blood cells of 23 . 2 , and required a total of 10 units of packed red blood cells while in the intensive care unit to maintain proportion of red blood cells .
once proportion of red blood cells stabilized , he was transferred out of the surgical intensive care unit to the med - doctor first name floor .
47 yo  female with 1 week of upper breathing infection treated with arithromycin , sent to emergency room by primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) with rapid abnormal heart rate , subsequently had breathing arrest and was intubated and sent to  .
repeat head imaging after 24h showed no progression of brain blood collects .
however , his breathing status markedly improved and he his on room air , and there was no indication for further work - up .
patient had follow up two days later along with labs drawn , which showed an acute proportion of red blood cells drop to 14 . 1 .
the patient was continued on lisinopril and half of her home dose of toprol xl with good effect .
patient transferred to hospital1 18 due to high risk of rebleeding , possibly requiring a transjugular port portosic shunt .
differential diagnosis at that time included sepsis , disseminated intravascular coagulation medication side effect and platelets reduction .
he was found to be high potassium level , so he was given albuterol , insulin 10 u , and glucose , and his repeat glucose was 18 .
abdominal exam remained benign and he tolerated heart , healthy diet .
he was also found to be extremely coagulemdic and had low platelets counts with a number of areas that were oozing .
she was restarted on her home dose of aspirin , and will likely require lifetime proton - pump inhibitor therapy , although this may be able to be titrated downward in the future .
the patient has had chronic episodes of melena and bright red blood per rectum , however , on the afternoon of admission , the patient felt that he was feeling increasingly weak , presyncopal and did not recall if he actually passed out or fell asleep .
her headaches were controlled on fioricet and she was deemed fit for discharge .
it was decided after her second hematoma while on anticoagulation , the risks of anticoagulation outweigh the benefits at this time and she was not anticoagulated .
an echo performed revealed heart artery valve prolapse with severe mr . at the request of the family the patient is transferred to hospital3 .
the patient had grade ii varices and was started on nadolol as above .
at time of call - out to floor there was no evidence of active or large volume bleeding and patient had improvement in belly pain .
this was a spontaneous twin pregnancy that was uncomplicated until mom was noted to develop some cervical shortening .
head imaging revealed a large r epidural hematoma with 13mm midline shift and uncal herniation .
the patient underwent a second bronchoscopy which revealed a moderate sized blood clot at the left and right main stem bronchi .
he felt well for a few days , but returns with worsening shortness of breath as well as new cough and wheezing .
blood vessel imaging head was performed which showed subarachnoid bleeding and l  brain artery  aneurysm .
per brief discussion with health care personnel name ( ni ) 4457 , patient is an avid musician and plays the trumpet .
blood pressure ' s were borderline in the emergency department ; she received a total of 1 l normal saline .
adenosine was pushed without resolution of his overspeed heart rate , presumed sinus  overspeed heart rate .
head imaging repeated here and showed a 1 . 7 x 0 . 9 cm frontal contusion in addition to the stroke and brain blood collects seen on the prior study .
the kidney service was consulted for peritoneal dialysis recommendations .
she took 2 tylenol for the pain but it quickly returned so she presented to outside hospital .
- she will be discharged to home hospice and will stop receiving blood filtering treatments .
delivery was performed by cesarean for high blood pressure and insufficient amniotic fluid .
she was started on coumadin in recent months but her international normalized ratio has been therapeutic since initiation of therapy .
x - rays showed three synchronous lesions in the right upper lobe .
he was continued on prednisone and alb / atrovent nebs until it was determined that palliation was the goal of care .
a neurology consult recommended to pursuing dilantin treatment , obtain an electroencephalogram to evaluate for epileptogenic sites and start thiamine supplements and acetylsalic acid ( aspirin ) .
53 y  extension  o male transferred from outside hospital for surgical evaluation .
# heart attack she had initially presented to the emergency department with chest pains and was observed overnight .
she was noted to have a right sided side paralysis with the head turned to the left as well as an aphasia .
bystanders found him to be unresponsive / pulseless and initiated cardiopulmonary resuscitation for 10 minutes .
she was weaned from sedation , awoke and was extubated on postoperative day 1 and she continued to progress .
he eventually agreed to blood filtering and tunnel catheter placed by insulin resistanceinterventional radiology in an infection of the skin of her right  x2 on 2171 - 4 - 4 .
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , patient is intubated and sedated .
post - operatively the patient was taken intubated to the surgical intensive care unit where he weaned off neosynephrine within 18 hours .
she originally presented to hospital3 where imaging scan demonstrated a pancreatic pseudocyst .
her bicarb drops was changed to normal saline per kidney  recs , and was then changed just to partial parenteral nutrition as she was felt to be euvolemic and did not require more fluid resuscitation .
he was weaned off levophed in the emergency department with stable systolic blood pressure in the 110s .
patient was taken to outside hospital emergently , was intubated in the field .
he was treated for lung infection with vancomycin / cefepime for an 8 day course .
subsequently his vancomycin was d  extension  c  ' ratio  emergency department as patient responded to daptomycin .
heart rates were better controlled and she did not have episodes of low blood pressure .
it is also possible that she had pulmonary  edema in response to high blood pressure , as her systolic blood pressure was 215 / 115 in the emergency department on admission .
she did not require any benzos per clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale and was felt to be at low risk of withdrawal given recent detox .
apparently , the patient checked this online and self - referred to the emergency department .
patient instructed to have close follow up with primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) for measurement of platelets and international normalized ratio levels .
the patient was started on an initial fluroquinolone regimen and then changed to meropenem , before finally settling on imipenem regimen .
negative blood vessel imaging ruled out lung  blood clot , but showed bilateral lower lobe collapse due to lobar atelectasis .
he should have daily international normalized ratio checks as he completes a seven - day antibiotic course ( levo will potentiate coumadin activity ) and should have qod  international normalized ratio checks thereafter until he is stabilized on a coumadin dosing schedule .
per the patient ' s primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) the imaging was read as worrysome for bronchogenic carcinoma .
86yo male  w  extension  hx of obstructive cell carcinoma  s  extension  p  radiotherapy ( external ) who presents with shortness of breath , insufficient oxygen and multifocal lung infection .
he was ultimately transitioned to a dilaudid patient - controlled analgesia to help determine his narcotic requirements .
he had symptoms to suggest a lung blood clot - no pleuritic chest pain .
the patient was rate controlled as above and also was started on afterload reduction with angiotensin - converting enzyme inhibitor ( s ) and he was diuresed with lasix by vein .
incentive spirometry and lung toileting were continued and he remained not feverish without an elevated white blood cell count .
peritoneal dialysis catheter placement was unsuccessful due to bleeding and adhesions .
infection felt to be unlikely given that patient was not feverish  w  extension  o any localizing signs , elevated white blood cell .
he was had blood filtering 9 - 11 and was transfused with packed red blood cells for decreased proportion of red blood cells .
digoxin loaded with rate control and subsequent conversion to normal sinus rhythm of the heart .
her amlodipine was increased to 10mg daily because of ongoing high blood pressure .
approximately 1 month ago she had a swollen cervical gland .
after recovering in the post - anesthesia care unit , she was tranferred to the surgical intensive care unit and the occult blood team followed in her care .
c - spine negative , she was found to have an urinary tract infection , which is treated with levaquin .
in the emergency department he was noted to have a temperature of 101 and low blood pressure to 83 / 53 which improved with 2 l y vein fluids .
her arterial oxygen saturation responded to 6l pm and her breathing became more comfortable .
the patient was admitted and had an airway imaging which showed high - grade focal tracheal stenosis at level of the cervicothoracic junction , corresponding to a site of prior tracheostomy tube insertion .
work - up of potential infectious causes included blood cultures , u  extension  a and urine culture , and chest x - ray .
his history and presentation was consistent with dextromethorphan intoxication .
given a remote hx of intravenous drug consult , hepatitis serologies were sent , hepbsab ( + ) and hepatitis c pending at discharge .
according to emergency medical service ( s ) , during entire transport , she was nonverbal and nonresponsive .
cardiology was consulted and felt presentation was unlikely to represent past partum cardiomyopathy .
he was sent to hospital1 18 for rehydration , stool for culture , o and p , hospital1 , repeat complete blood count , also concern for primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) / , / lymphoma .
urinalysis was negative for infection , thyroid stimulating hormone was checked which was low thought vitamin was normal .
she continued to have nausea / vomiting but was non - bloody bilious vomiting wo coffee grounds or frank known  ename .
he was started on empiric metronidazole on admission and stool samples sent for c  differential toxin assay .
rotoblation was attempted , however complicated with wire fracture and right coronary artery perforation .
patient with dib  c  extension  etoh cirrhosis on transplant list with adnexal masses found during transplant workup .
occipital mass on body imaging she was found to have a right - sided occipital lesion that was new from prior studies .
an xray of bother sites were obtained - negative for fracture .
he was hemodynamically stable without insufficient oxygen and was windating well , and protecting his airway , and was brought in by ambulance .
he was given 3 more units of fresh frozen plasma and 1u packed red blood cells and he was transferred to the intensive care unit for monitoring , and to await rigid bronchoscopy by interventional pulmonology .
he required precedex to allow for vent weaning and was extubated shortly thereafter without difficulty .
he went into atrial abnormal heart rhythms for which he was seen by cardiovascular , cardioverted and started on amiodarone .
cultures at the rehab facility were positive for gram negative staphylococcus bacteremia and acenitobacter in his sputum .
her urine output in post - anesthesia care unit reached a low of 17 cc / hour but averaged 20 - 30 cc / hour overnight .
a chest x - ray showed marked cardiomegaly and congested lung vasculature .
her acute heart issues had resolved and she was called out to the medicine service .
the patient continued to decompensate and was taken to the operating room ( aka operating theatre ) for an ex - lap as his lactate continued to rise in the setting of low blood pressure ; the thought was that he likely had ischemic bowel .
he was transferred to the child support recovery unit in stable condition on phenylephrine and propofol drips .
heart review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , sensations that heart is pounding , syncope or presyncope .
the day prior to discharge she was transitioned to by mouth ( per os ) prednisone as she was no longer having wheezes .
patient states that she has never had pain like this before and did have associated sick and vomiting .
she will be followed by digestive tract and nutrition for these problems .
it is important to make sure that patient continues to have at least daily bowel movements , and that he does not become constipated .
the patient was stabilized with packed red blood cells , fresh frozen plasma , platelets .
he was evaluated by psych who found him agitated and oriented times one .
he was found to have blood pressure 76 / 40 with normal heart rate  overspeed heart rate to 116 and satting 98 % on room air .
electrocardiogram showed aflutter with ventricular rate in the 60s .
thyroid stimulating hormone and free vitamin were checked b  extension  o persistent tachycardia and were within normal limits ( also : we never looked ) .
abdominal and pelvis imaging showed no evidence of retroperitoneal bleed , no evidence of hyponeph / or perinephric fluid .
he was placed nothing by mouth , a kidneys , ureters , and bladder ( x - ray ) was obtained which revealed an ileus ; he was kept nothing by mouth for several days until he began to pass flatus and having bowel movements .
80 year old male with matrix metallopeptidases including type 2 diabetes , hypermoedemia , chronic kidney failure , obstructive lung disease who presented with intestinal angina and was admitted by vascular surgery for possible stenting .
she will be discharged with the heparin drops to continue until her international normalized ratio is therapeutic in the range of 3 - 3 .
ear , nose , and throat ( see otolaryngology ) was consulted who performed laryngoscopy and though patient most likely had supraglotic obstructive cell carcinoma with bilateral metastatis .
patient has history of presentation to emergency department in 2 - 5 with acute onset jaw and ear pain and was found to have left bundle branch block block with minor hemi .
he has not had chest pain , wosened shortness of breath , orptoonea , shortness of breath when sleeping , increase legs  edema , abdominal pain , n  extension  v / watery stool .
on blood filtering 5 the proportion of red blood cells fell ~ 7 points to 22 , which was re - checked , and she was transfused 2 units of packed red blood cells with an appropriate response and remained stable .
dizziness had improved by the morning of blood filtering 3 , and patient was walking steadily aroubnd the unit .
the digestive tract team has been made aware of the patient ; given his varices , digestive tract has recommended no nasogastric tube placement and rapid transfer to medical intensive care unit , for upper endoscopy .
patient was administered full - dose aspirin and started on a nitroglycerin drops .
with an unnclear etiology , given that disseminated intravascular coagulation labs were negative .
patient completed unasyn x 4 days and one additional day of ampicillin .
he was seen by endocrine and recommended to be discharged with glargine 30 units every night at bedtime and to check his blood glocuse before every meal .
blood pressure remained stable for the rest of her hospitalization .
her a wardname was gradually turned down over the course of 3 days , and the patient was found to regulate her heart rhythm appropriately .
neurologically he has been doing well working with patient / ot and speech therapy at hospital3 .
received ceftraixone , vanc and flagyl for presumed aspiration lung infection .
upon presentation to the emergency department , the patient had a temp of 100 . 0 and was found to be in abnormal heart rate per report .
patient ' s proportion of red blood cells remained stable and he was transferred to the medical floor from the intensive care unit , where again proportion of red blood cells remained stable .
ear , nose , and throat ( see otolaryngology ) suggested this might clear / heal on its own , but that if it does n ' t , speech and swallow consult as outpatient should be considered .
thoracentesis fluid cervix / cervical was negative and much fluid improved clinically with normal sats on room air on discharge .
it was felt likely that she had e coli sepsis despite the negative blood cervix / cervical , and she had bacteremia given the large amt of white blood cells on her ascitic fluid .
guaiac positive stool in the setting of abnormal decrease in the number of platelets in the blood make slow digestive track bleeding a possible source of low blood pressure as well although proportion of red blood cells remained stable .
when patient arrived at the post - anesthesia care unit she had to be reintubated for resp distress .
a head imaging showed traumatic subarachnoid bleeding and neurosurgery consulted for further management .
he reports significantly decreased by mouth ( per os ) intake over the last 4 days percutaneous transluminal angioplasty .
he ruled in for an acute heart attack with elevated troponins .
based on their findings , the decision was made to electively intubate the patient fiberoptically via l nares .
he was taking to the operating room ( aka operating theatre ) on blood filtering 2 for exploratory laparotomy and evacuation of the swelling that is filled with blood .
she was started on levaquin / flagyl for possible lung infection yesterday and was evaluated by psychological for ms changes and an electroencephalogram report is pending .
he was transfused with 2 units red blood cell ' s on the 18th and was extubated .
there was concern for pancreatic necrosis at outside hospital , however review of imaging here showed acute inflammation in the pancreas but no cause of necrosis .
linezolid was also started in the acute setting because of a report indicating that mr .
he should maintain tight glycemic control as well ( glycosylated hemoglobin 6 . 7 ) .
original head imaging was positive for a small bleed in the left ventricle .
per family patient was aggitated and taken to emergency department .
there was right vertex craniotomy , with improved trace subjacent pneumoceponaus .
responded well to esmolol drip in the intensive care unit with improvement in rate control to 80s .
there was question of ileus on kidneys , ureters , and bladder ( x - ray ) although no clinical signs were apparent .
as anxiety was thought to be contributing to the patient ' s rapid breathing , the patient was given ativan , and the breathing rate remained normal during the remainder of her hospitalization .
she was kept intubated for first 24 hours given high dose mannitol and steroids .
he went to an outside hospital where imaging showed an acute subarachnoid bleeding .
patient presented to emergency department with unresponsiveness and was intubated for airway protection and difficulty breathing .
he had received a plavix loading dose of 300mg during catheterization so surgery was delayed until monday 2192 - 11 - 5 while plavix washed out .
diuresis with lasix drip was given with incomplete response .
since increasing dose of vancomycin , patient has been not feverish .
he had repeat transthoracic echocardiogram that was unchanged and it was recommended that he have another one in about 4 months .
ear , nose , and throat ( see otolaryngology ) was consulted who performed laryngoscopy which was non revealing .
she received a dose of ceftriaxone , clindamycin , and azithromycin for lung disease + post - obstructive pneumonia , as well as nebulizers and solumedrol x 1 . .
her code status was again changed to do not intubate - she agreed to discuss with her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) name initial ( pre ) living will on the second trip to the operating room ( aka operating theatre ) , purulent fluid was again encountered and a wound vac was placed .
bedside transthoracic echocardiogram showed a moderate pericardial effusion with some residual volume right ventricle / telephone diastolic collapse .
he should have a follow up echo in a couple of months to evaluate for any recovery .
post operatively he was transferred to trauma surgical intensive care unit for close monitoring .
a chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) taken on the 8 - 6 , demonstrated interval improvement in left lung with stable pleural much fluid .
he had an urgent upper endoscopy on 10 - 5 which revealed small arteriovenous malformation in the gastric mucosa .
swan numbers were more consistent with sepsis with a relatively low blood pressure , high cardiac output / index , and low systemic vascular resistance .
a large volume of bloody fluid was removed from the abdomen , but active bleeding was not seen .
an spinal tap was done that showed an opening pressure of 26 ( not fully relaxed ) , with elevated protein of 292 .
he had a chest tube placed at the time of surgery that was removed of postoperative days # 3 after its drainage decreased .
he made excellent progress and was discharged to home with visiting nursing association services on postoperative days # 4 .
he was continue on acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) , metoprolol 25 mg hospital1 , imdur 30 during admission .
the neurological exam began slowly improving and some left lower extremity lateral movement was noted .
she had ongoing symptoms in 2138 - 1 - 2 and had lower extremity non - invasive test done at that time which showed non - occlusive blood clot of the left common femoral vein is similar in appearance to prior imaging studies .
she suffers continual pain in her back and a band - like pain across the lower aspect of her ribs / upper abdomen .
of note , legionella and cryptococcal antigen studies were negative and primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) not seen on sputum immunofluorescence .
the cause of cardiac arrest was likely multifactorial and potentially related to infection such as toxic megacolon and ?
he converted to normal increase in heart rate and was discharged to home on postoperative days # 5 in stable condition .
he is s  extension  p laminectomy and evacuation of the epidural abscess and s  extension  p  insulin resistanceinterventional radiology drainage of l psoas abscess and l gluteal muscle abscess .
bladder pressure was checked to monitor for abdominal compartment syndrome .
r triple flexible catheter is in place after unsuccessful total lung capacity , or total platelet count attempt .
the arrest was witnessed by a family member , who performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
she has chronic legs  edema , but otherwise has been doing well since her last admission , initally at rehab then d  extension  c  ' ratio  d home .
in the critical care unit a swan was placed and his initial readings were pulmonary capillary wedge pressure 38 , pa 56 / 24 .
by the time of discharge on postoperative days 4 the patient was walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
antibiotics were switched to vanc / zosyn for better anaerobic coverage out of concern for aspiration lung infection .
patient was not jaundiced , had normal white count , unelevated liver function tests , and was not jaundiced on exam .
a right internal jugular central venous line was placement and x - ray confirmed placement .
81 m with unknown past medical history ( see also medical history ) was transfered from outside hospital for evaluation .
digestive tract signed off at that point and indicated that they did not believe he was having a significant digestive tract bleed and that further workup should be defered to the outpatient setting .
digestive tract was consulted in the emergency department and advised an nasogastric lavage , though this was not performed prior to transfer .
patient intubated for airway protection with dose of vercuronium for agitation .
due to high blood pressure , she initially required nitroglycerin drip .
once his post op  body imaging was obtained , he was cleared for discharge and he was in agreement with this plan .
ejection fraction may have been slightly more depressed than previously noted due to recent overspeed heart rate .
her complaints of an infection of the skin of her right arm pain had improved as did the strength in her an infection of the skin of her right arm .
patient was treated with ambisome with plans for treatment for 1 - 2 weeks followed by itraconazole for at least a year .
multiple consistencies of barium were administered under constant video fluoroscopic surveillance .
her catheter and drain were removed postoperative days 3 and she was able to take by mouth ( per os ) ' s .
his cirrhosis is complicated by food pipe  enlarged veins and spleen .
pt was started on vanco , clinda , and tigecycline and outside hospital and was immediately admitted to intensive care unit upon transfer .
patient has bruise to left hip from bumping into doorway and c  extension  o stubbing her toe multiple times lately .
the belly wound drainage decreased and granulation tissue was noted .
patient was stable on floor and transaminitis continued to improve .
the headache started occipitally but involved the whole head .
toradol was added to his regimen which was helpful .
69 y  extension  o male w  extension known as , now w  extension progressive shortness of breath , decreased exercise tolerance .
she was becoming increasingly overspeed heart rate , and was given 2 boluses 500cc normal saline .
continued on calcium acetate and cinacalcet as well as nephrocaps .
1 day following discharge she began having intractable syncocks , worsening sick , and worsening belly pain .
58 year old female who presented to primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) office with chest pain and shortness of breath .
he will need another echo in about a month .
patient was restarted on diuresis to help mobilize fluid .
83 year old  female  h  extension  o  dibetes , heart disease  s  extension  p  heart attack , chronic kidney disease who was discharged on 2139 - 1 - 16 after a lengthy hospitalization for trauma .
his trach was replaced in the emergency department , and he was subsequently discharged .
she was diuresed with furosemide toward her preoperative weight .
statin was recently changed to gemfibrizil as patient felt lousy and patient had decided to stop taking plavix as it had been more than 2 years since last cath .
she was eventually stabilized and transferred to the oncology team .
it was thought that her delta ms may have been due to underlying infection , and source for this was sought out .
patient underwent an upper endoscopy on 2184 - 5 - 13 which revealed a duodenal ulcer which was successfully cauterized .
she has been instructed to follow - up with her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) on discharge to further coordinate this .
cm informed the primary team that the paitient had no medical insurance by choice so the team kept costs in mind while caring for this patient , and he was discharged on half pills of higher dose medications where possible .
enterococcal urinary tract infection was treated with vancomcyin initially , then linezolid until sensitivities returned .
at hospital1 location 620 , vital signs : t98 . 4 p44 rr18 bp181 / 74 and arterial oxygen saturation 97 % .
this large - for - gestational - age term infant was brought to the neonatal intensive care unit for evaluation of low blood sugar .
pathology showed adenocarcinoma , and immunophenotyping was most consistent with a lung primary .
his 79i and beta blocker were held during much of this hospitalization because of his watoptmic .
the patient was managed nonoperatively with percutaneous drainage and he matured an enterocutaneous fistula which ultimately closed .
she reported that she was having decreased flatus , but no bloody bowel movements and no dysuria or vaginal discharge .
though he endorsed suicidality on presentation , this resolved with resolution of his intoxication .
while i nthe cvicu he required pressure support post operative course 11 - 21 ep was consulted for interigation of icd 11 - 24 pt extubate ct out / post cxr no pnuemothorax ep interrigation of icd again for lower rate when stable he was delined .
he was aggressively resuscitated and his urine was alkalinized .
a lipid panel was checked and his low - density lipoprotein was in the 40s .
the patient is a 86 y  extension  o man who presents with right frontal intraparenchymal bleed .
this twin was noted to have intrauterine growth restriction and was followed with serial ultrasounds .
patient responded to by vein fluids and her creatinine went down .
his creatinine stayed at 1 . 4 for the remainder of his admission .
overnight , she c  extension  o some mild left sided chest pain with no other symptoms .
she has been treated with bowel regimen and enemas in the emergency department without great success .
a blood vessel imaging was negative for lung blood clot , but showed marked inferior .
his outside records were reviewed and the patient admitted to the trauma surgical intensive care unit .
free vitamin was also low , indicating hypothyroidism , so he was started on levothyroxine at 50 mg .
coumadin was held per bloody pericardial effusion and no evidence of abnormal heart rate during admission .
the continuous doppler intravascular hemplbl fistula catheter clooted on 8 - 5 , but resolved to tissue plasminogen activator .
the risks of this was explained to him by multiple midlevels on the team and he allowed us to place 2 staples .
he was given vanc and ceftriaxone to cover for meningococus and conjunctivitis , doxy to cover rickettsial disease and flagyl given the abdomen complaints .
likely there is some extension to the cortex that is difficult to see on imaging as he has clear paraphasic errors and word - finding difficulties as well .
he reports he has had dark cloudy urine with white chuncky matter in his stream intermittently .
her high blood pressure was tx with her regular home medications w  extension  o adjustment .
this is a 55 year old female admitted for fever / leukocytosis , abdomen pain .
her steroids were managed as outlined above in sections 1 and 2 .
an belly  imaging scan showed small bowel obstruction and rectal thickening .
bronchoscopy showed arytenoid joint dislocations , subglottic stenosis , and trachereronatomalusion .
in her workup she was referred for a chest x - ray which revealed an enlarged aortic arch .
he had one episode of watery stool this morning but otherwise no digestive tract complaints although he has not been able to drink or eat much .
orthopedic consult for possible compartment syndrome , continued to monitor for changes hourly in intensive care unit .
given a recurrence of slow heart rate , the metoprolol dose was minimized and furosemide , per nephrology , was added for uncontrolled high blood pressure .
per hematology - oncology and rad / onc his plavix was never stopped , although the patient is a poor historian and is unable to verify the medications he is taking at home .
social work / case management : sw was consulted to help the patient cope with the new diagnosis .
her platelets was revealed to be 28 and a swan - ganz catheter showed low right atrial and pulmonary capillary wedge pressures .
he was taken to heart catheterization on 5 - 27 , which showed occluded left internal mammary artery to lad , native 3 - vessel heart disease , and a thrombus in the distal saphenous graft .
patient will be discharged home not on any beta - blocker , calcium - channel blocker or amiodarone .
patient was transitioned to an oral pain regimen with oxycontin and by mouth ( per os ) dilaudid prior to discharge .
she was started on zithromax , and ceftriaxon originally on admission , and after blood cultures came back positive on 2172 - 12 - 20 , she was started on by vein vancomycin w  extension  d  extension  c of zithromax .
patient was subsequently discharged to rehab in good condition on 2127 - 3 - 26 tolerating a regular diet , tube feeds cycled at night for nutritional supplementation .
he also had a imaging of his neck , which showed no fracture but degenerative joint disease .
he initially required inotropes and pressors for hemodynamic instability and a transesophageal echocardiogram was obtained that revealed mitral hypokinesis .
fluid status is managed with blood filtering as patient does not make urine .
she was admitted to rehab for management of the necrotic wound on her right lower lobe ( of lung ) , discharged , and treated with vancomycin / cefepime and vacuum dressing .
kidney was consulted who believed creatinine would trend down without intervention and that cvvh / hd was not indicated .
his vomiting has been nonbloody , somewhat bilious , and he also reports very poor by mouth ( per os ) intake due to his sore throat .
he tried two sublingual nitro , but did not help .
post op  proportion of red blood cells showed post operative changes and right pneumoceponaus .
there was no witnessed seizure activity , bowel / bladder incontinence at home .
this 81 - year - old female with history of heart disease , ejection fraction less than 20 % , and paroxysmal atrial abnormal heart rhythms , who presents with symptomatic mobitz type ii a - v block .
it appears that his hemultemacid is mild and has been well controlled with close monitoring .
cardiac review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal shortness of breath , shortness of breath when lying flat , ankle swellingcope , , , syncope or presyncopecope . , syncope or presyncope .
however , it was an incidental finding and patient did not demonstrate any signs or symptoms of infection of the peritoneum or mesenteric ischemia .
she was taken to insulin resistanceinterventional radiology where 3 peripheral branches of the right kidney artery was embolized , and a blood filtering line was placed under sterile procedure in the right internal jugular .
patient was successfully extubated , and chest tube removed without complication following resolution of air leak .
encourage / assist with by mouth ( per os ) intake and give supplements at minimum of 3 times daily .
38 year old male with known mitral regurgitation and mitral valve prolapse with new onset atrial abnormal heart rhythms .
he was not feverish and blood filtering stable at the time of transfer to medicine floor .
patient became anuric with worsening kidney function and fast rise in potassium .
transported to outside hospital where a left chest tube was placed for a bronch and transferred to hospital1 hospital .
the patient underwent emergent catheterization and 2 promus drug eluting stents were placed in the left circumflex artery , which was found to be 100 % occluded .
patient proportion of red blood cells was stable , did not have vomiting of blood for 24 hours and was able to tolerat last name ( lf ) , first name3 ( lf ) ocreaotide drip was stopped .
lisinopril was restarted given his blood flow stability and slightly elevated bps .
a flexible catheter was placed for outpatient antibiotic therapy on 6 - 29 .
plans were for her to remain intubated until some of her supraglottic edema decreased .
thoracic surgery attending agreed to discontinue her lovenox at that time as she had been treated for a prior lung blood clot for atleast 6 months .
the effusion was noted to be loculated by imaging and chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) .
he was intubated and treated for presumed aspiration lung infection .
this resolved after two sublingual nitroglycerin and patient also has nitroglycerin patch .
his left ventricular ejection fraction was estimated at 36 % with diffuse hypokinesis .
the patient may need a pericardial window or balloon pericardiotomy procedure if the effusion increases in size .
the patient remained blood volume throughout his hospital course , hemodynamically stable , with treatment for mild high blood pressure as above .
at the outside hospital , the patient reportendly had an unremarkable electrocardiogram and negative cardiac markers negative x 3 .
nstear / cad - history of 3 v - cabg with only right coronary artery graft still patent .
she was kept nothing by mouth until bowel function returned then diet was advanced as tolerated .
cytomegalovirus and anticoagulants viral loads were sent and returned negative .
a bedside traction pin was placed in the right femur by orthopaedics .
he was given tissue plasminogen activator and strength improved within 3 hours .
her urine output slowly fell , however , and it was difficult to diurese her any further which such severely reduced kidney perfusion .
known  surname 1557 is a 71 year - old female with history of atrial abnormal heart rhythms and congestive hearts failure ( since november 2178 per pt ) who presented to hospital3 last night for shortness of breath .
he was found to grow group b streptococcus and id was consulted and recommended narrowing to unasyn and to evaluate for leukemia .
her last name 3041 was dc  ' ratio  d .
# rhythm : after coming out of critical care unit , found to have sinus  bradycardia , 2 : 1 block .
name10 907 wat prior to discharge was negative for blood .
his alanine transaminase / aspartate remained slightly elevated , but his bilirubin remained normal and he tolerated a low fat diet .
vital signs prior to transfer 97 . 7 , pulse : 87 , breathing rate : 16 ,
the patient did not require intubation , was managed on ventilator and weaned down to nasal cannula .
over the night of her operation she became low blood pressure with systolic blood pressure to the 80s and she was started on dopamine drip this was ultimately thought to be related to hypocalcemia .
on 2135 - 3 - 19 , the patient had significant bright red blood per rectum with a drop in his platelets from 25 to 16 .
she was started on dilantin and her level was 12 . 1 .
known  surname 732 is a 59 year old female with metastatic breast cancer with recent hospitalization for lung blood clot who presents with shortness of breath and acute agitation .
on the floor , he was re - started on his coumadin with a target international normalized ratio of 2 . 0 - 3 . 0 .
42 year old female with h  extension  o  brain blood collects 2 - 26 , ethanol abuse , ?
review of systems + per dib , some calf cramping and dysphagia on review of systems , she denies any prior history of stroke , tia , deep venous thrombosis , lung embolism , bleeding at the time of surgery , cough , hemoptysis , black stools or red stools .
she reports that over the last 6 days , she has also noticed increasing legs  edema for which she has been taking increasing doses of lasix .
he denies chest discomfort , shortness of breath , shortness of breath when sleeping or shortness of breath when lying flat currently .
82 year old male with a history of 6 prior percutaneous coronary intervention ' s ( in state 622 and state 108 ) admitted for worsening chest pain to the floor s      with tight with tight and diffuse and diffuse left circumflex artery disease without intervention .
the patient was admitted to the intensive care unit with neuro - oncology , palliative care , and medicine consults .
postoperatively she was transferred to the intensive care unit for close monitoring .
it was localized in her right forehead and radiating to her occiput .
fast scan showed some peritoneal fluid , which surgery determined was not a significant hematoma .
in the emergency department , she had a breathing rate in the 30 ' s , and she received albuterol nebs , heliox , and 3mg ativan .
creatinine remained at baseline for the remainder of hospitalization .
post transfusion hematocrit was initially 24 . 4 and then increased to 25 . 6 on 10 - 22 .
because of occasional  slow heart rate , this was changed to a nicardipine drip while by mouth ( per os ) captopril was started .
he was transferred to hospital1 18 location 86 cath lab where he was found to have 90 % hazy left anterior descending ( a coronary artery ) lesion successfully stented with bare metal stent .
in the intensive care unit , his creatinine continued to trend down to 1 . 5 and by vein fluids were subsequently held .
known  surname seemed quite depressed through much of his stay with what appeared to be a lack of motivation and a very blunted affect .
the anxiety improved after transfer to the floor , she was significantly less anxious at the time of discharge .
after obtaining a dental panorex , it was suggested to extract 4 teeth prior to surgery .
also , there were moderate right basal pleural effusion that had shown some interval reduction in size .
patient receives large volume paracentesis weekly and was noted to have a bloody tap on 2164 - 12 - 12 .
he did not note any of the tightness with exertion .
# tiidm : high blood sugar may be due to patient not taking insulin this evening vs infection given c  extension  o  sick .
the patient was given levo / flagyl , with coverage later expanded to add vancomycin and aztrenam given the allergy to penicillin .
she was immediately begun on a heparin drip upon admission to the intensive care unit with her partial thromboplastin time closely monitored .
during the pregnancy the mother was treated epivir and cyclosporins .
87 year old female with history of poorly controlled high blood pressure , congestive hearts failure , heart disease presents with shortness of breath of sudden onset the morning of admission .
a 71yo f with pmh acute myelogenous leukemia , neutropenic fever , throid goiter , admitted to omed service for neutropenic fever found to have right upper lobe infiltrate , she was treated with broad spectrum antibiotics , her course was complicated by acute renal failure after discussion with patient and family dialysis was declined and the decision was made to provide comfort care was made .
prior to that , last cath firing was on halloween .
currently , denies any complaints of chest pain , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , or shortness of breath when lying flat .
he continued to gain strength of the left side and repeat body imaging was done on the day of discharge which demonstrated an area of subacute infarct in the right precentral gyrus .
at the time of discharge on 3 - 13 he is tolerating a regular diet , walking with an assistive device , not feverish with stable vital signs .
in heparin and aspirin were discontinued , and pneumoboots were started .
# hypoxia she was initially treated for lung infection based on her chest xray right lower lobe ( of lung ) consolidation with antibiotics to cover for lung infection organisms ( vanc / cefepime / cipro ) .
in intensive care unit , denies any abdominal pain , bright red blood per rectum , melena , chest pain , difficulty breathing , light headedness , sensations that heart is pounding .
he does have a mild headache without sick , vomiting weakness or epig numb .
her pulmonary arterial pressures were 60s / 30s .
ultrasound and doppler studies were obtained to rule out hospital ward name cyst and aneurysm .
he has other medical problems including significant peripheral vascular disease requiring multiple amputations .
his hospital course was subsequently significant for clinical evidence of volume overload for which he was diuresed with by vein lasix .
known  surname 96619 was transferred from the medical intensive care unit , to the floor on 2184 - 8 - 22 , for further management .
the patient then was appointed a legal guardian on 2189 - 8 - 27 .
for this , right common iliac artery to common femoral artery bypass and femoral - femoral cross - over graft were performed .
he took nitro x2 with relief of pain , but rapid recurrence of pain within minutes .
on the morning of admission he felt weak , he slipped on two stairs and fell on his buttocks and sustained a small abrasion to his hand .
this is a 39 year old male who was transferred from hospital3 1280 hospital for multiple stab wounds to the head and chest and for back injury after a fall from height .
82 years old man with severe vascular disease with symptomatic doctor first name 3098 disease , 90 % narrowing of a blood vessel on u  extension  s with amaurosis fugax and possible syncopal episode now s  extension  p carotid stent with good restoration of flow .
his postoperative days 4 am chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) was stable with no increased bronch , his chest tube was then pulled and follow up chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) was stable .
years old male w  extension  heart disease , dibetes , and congestive hearts failure who has a h  extension  o of hepatic  encephalopathy who presented to an outside hospital  w  extension  n  extension  v  extension  abd pain that the day proir to admission .
presented to her pcp name initial ( pre ) 1 week russian who felt she may have heart failure and started empiric diuresis ( patient is adverse to testing and becomes very anxious ) started on 40 mg po lasix daily at that time with moderate improvement in her legs swelling .
she lay down for two hours and awoke at 3 pm .
# high blood pressure : patient takes felodipine at home which was stopped .
she developed symptoms of a viral upper respiratory infection , such as sinusitis or the common cold ( coryza , low grade fever ) which also resolved .
a swab of lesion was sent for herpes simplex virus culture .
during the patient ' s resuscitation , he became agitated and he was intubated for airway protection .
he was transferred to hospital1 1444 emergency department where he was given integrilin and pain control with morphine .
# depression - psychiatry consulted , continued on paxil 20mg once a day , psychiatry established plan for safe care and follow up with patient and family .
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , the patient was in moderate breathing distress on a venti - mask and was also very anxious .
elevated carcinoembryonic antigen and ca - 125 are consistent with malignancy .
she was seen one month prior for evaluation of an incidental finding of a suprasellar mass .
he was taken directly to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting to two vessels .
he moved his bowels on day of discharge after receiving an aggressive bowel regimen .
it has been restarted prior to discharge from the hospital .
pump : patient with known dilated cardiomyopathy & biventricular dysfunction , ejection fraction 20 % .
she was cleared for discharge home with neurology follow up .
she remained febrile despite antibiotic change , however her white count began to improve .
haldol was discontinued 1 - 5 to prolonging corrected qt interval ( reportedly 470s at longest ) .
in brief , the patient was found to have displacement of the nail into the acetabulum and underwent left hemiarthroplasty repair 2152 - 2 - 17 .
received total 1 . 5mg dilaudid per patient - controlled analgesia in post - anesthesia care unit .
he was admitted to the intensive care unit 2157 - 7 - 9 with complaints of dizziness , headache , fatigue , shortness of breath , and a 13 lb weight loss over the last one month .
he was transferred to the floor prior to planned discharge after a patient evaluation .
apgars were unknown at one minute of life , 2 at five minutes of live , 4 at ten minutes of life and 7 at 15 minutes of life .
she has not been on anticoagulation for frequent falls .
patient immediately went to head imaging for right parietal cortical hypodensity with sulci effacement ; however , negative for bleed .
a repeat imaging scan was recommended by radiology in 12 months to monitor for interval change .
plan was for follow - up with interventional pulmonology in 3 - 4 weeks .
she received nebulizer treatments for wheezing every 4hrs .
this is a 62 year old male with past medical history of coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction and stents , ethanol  cirrhosis , dmii , who presents one week after cath placement with recurrent vt . # rhythm : patient had 39 events of ventricular tachycardia with 11 shocks recorded on his pacer .
patient was chronically oxygen dependent , stable on 4l per nasal cannula ascites - patient tolerating discomfort , does not want therapeutic tap at this time , likely would reccur quickly .
# depression : likely secondary to her disease process and prolonged hospital stay , ms .
58 yo  female otherwise healthy p  extension  w black tarry stools one day prior to admission .
she was tolerating clear liquid diet , and her oxygen was weaned .
she was treated with a 30 - day course of pentoxiphylline .
since international normalized ratio is 3 . 3 today , will hold off on coumadin at least tonight and will have recheck before resuming in the next 1 - 2 days .
this is a 44 year old female who was status post  excision on 2197 - 11 - 3 , who presented with persistent postoperative headache on the left side of the head only and had an outpatient work - up which therefore admitted to the neurosurgery service for evaluation on 2197 - 11 - 20 .
mr known lastname 61229 is a 50 yo rh m with a h / o melanoma with known mets to spine ( s / p neck surgery 9 mos ago ) enrolled in an experimental chemotherapy protocol , who presented to osh last night with weakness ( r > l ) and clumsiness .
she presented to the hospital on day of admission because of a fever of 103f and inability to tolerate by mouth .
insulin resistanceinterventional radiology was then consulted who tried performing a trans translular port portosutic shunt on the night of 4 - 23 , but were unsuccessful . on the night of 4 - 23 , but were unsuccessful .
he was initially going to have this repaired in early month ( only ) of this year , however , this was not able to be done due to failed placement of a cerebrospinal fluid drain for anesthesia as well as a failed intrathecal catheter .
he was continued on acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) and started on a statin .
she describes this as a left sided retroorbital severe dull pain that is unlike her prior migraines .
the procedure was complicated by closure of the posterior descending artery .
received by vein fluid hydration for a total of 5 liters of normal saline , and was brought to the hospital ward name 12573 intensive care unit for supportive care .
routine electroencephalogram did not reveal any frank epileptiform activity , but showed a slow and disorganized background suggestive of a mild encephalopathy of toxic , metabolic , or anoxic etiology .
the patient has noted no change in his bowel habits , no blood in the stool , and no mucus .
known  surname complained of a sensation of discomfort in his ear just prior to coming into the hospital , and while here he noted decreased hearing in the left ear .
patient was evaluated by anaesthesia and taken to the operating room for laparoscopic adjustable gastric band placement .
he was continued on a proton pump inhibitor as an inpatient .
known  surname  left anterior small thoracotomy [ [ study ] name ( titles ) 1834 name ( titles ) 1834 catherization that revealed 3 vessel catherization that revealed 3 vessel artery disease . artery disease .
she required blood transfusion for dropping proportion of red blood cells from 30 to 20 with low blood pressure .
the apgar scores were 9 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes .
date range 5833 patient remained neurologically stable was found to be in neurogenic lung  edema , he was started on / off on a lasix drops to keep him even for his lenght of stay .
he does have baseline psychiatric disorder , remote seizure history and possible borderline mental retardation .
overnight he developed transient intracranial pressure to the low to mid 20s and became transiently oticcardic to the 40s . to the 40s .
his time of death was 13 : 40 approximately 1 - 2 heart rates after extubation .
speaking to the neuro resident , they did not feel she was in nonconvolsive status .
reports increased legs swelling x 2 - 3 weeks , recently started on lasix + zaroxolyn for that .
history per records as difficult for patient to communicate while on ventilator .
he will complete his 6 week course of intravenous vancomycin 2175 - 1 - 21 ( day 1 was 2175 - 12 - 11 ) .
she is frequently admitted to institute mondiieieie digestive for systolic blood pressure ' s .
the patient had difficulty sleeping and was given benzodiazepines .
the am labs revealed at a stable platelets and elevated potassium of 5 . 8 .
she was re - admitted to the medicine service for further workup of failure to thrive , safety at home .
his condition improved and patient was transferred to the floor on postoperative days4 .
he has been taking his seizure medicines and denies any seizure activity , no morning tongue biting , no morning urinary incontinence , no focal motor / sensory sxp [ signs and symptoms ] ' s , no development of consciousness .
post procedure systolic blood pressure were in the 90s from a baseline of 120 - 140 systolic , attributed to sedation with slow clearance in the setting of liver failure .
4 ) high blood pressure : well controlled on home regimen of diovan , hydrochlorothiazide , metoprolol .
labs were significant for proportion of red blood cells 31 . 8 , creatinine 0 . 9 , troponin < . 01 , brain natriuretic peptide 2646 ( no baseline comparison ) .
on day of discharge patient and staff felt safe to discharge patient to rehab with close follow up .
known  surname stated she slept on the couch yesterday evening and upon awakening ` ` had difficulty positioning the legs to stand up . ' '
he was brought for imaging brain which showed acute right brain blood collects with 1 . 2cm of mls as well as a 5cm x 5 cm right frontal withhhine directlyineentent per the last name 1884 ( this decision spoke with the surgeon directlyineent with subfalcine herniation per the last name 1724 radiologist ( this examiner spoke with the radiologist directly . )
# fluctuance over t  extension  l spine in the area of the spinal stimulator : spinal abscess was ruled out by imaging .
she was transferred to hospital1 18 for further evaluation and management .
digestive tract : his watery stool was initially trace guaiac positive with a subsequent proportion of red blood cells drop , as low as 26 .
digestive tract was called who stated that they would perform upper endoscopy in morning .
she reports feeling much improved from previously and states only that she continues to have her cough productive of blood tinged sputum .
the patient received pantoprazole 80mg by vein ( although bleed appeared more small - large intestinal ) , two large bore by veins placed ( 14 and 18 gauges ) .
the nitroglycerin drip was stopped after intubation and her blood pressure was well controlled while on propofol for sedation .
they do suspect 215r he has not been compliant with his medications given his short term memory issues and that this may be intefering with his fluid status .
she did not some vaginal pruritis in the emergency room .
he presented to hospital3 on 6 - 1 where he was found to be low blood pressure and c . diff positive .
# acute on chronic kidney failure : patient has chronic kidney disease with baseline creatinine of 3 . 5 - 3 . 9 and presented with a creatinine of 5 . 8 and a hemoconcentrated complete blood count .
in terms of medical therapy amiodarone for rate control and to attempt maintenence of sinus rhtyhm .
on hd4 , the patient was discharged to home .
at time of transfer , the patient continued to require positive end - expiratory pressure of 15 , and fraction of inspired oxygen of 60 to maintain sats in the low 90s .
name husband and family made patient name 3225 after extensive discussion with critical care unit team and neurology .
she was placed on primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) prophylaxis in the setting of high dose steroids .
in , the emergency department , the patient received a total of 3l normal saline ; his heart rate responded to vein fluids , so he was bolused again .
he has also been confused intermittently , weaker with two falls at home with no loss of consciousness or head trauma , and has had poor appetite .
this change was thought to be multifacted with infxn , ca , meds ( dilantin new ) , hypoxia , ?
the following day , tues , she could n ' t sleep well secondary to lower back pain .
patient should receive nebulizer treatments at rehab around the clock for 4 - 5 days after discharge .
# nervous system disorder that affects movement ' s : he was continued on his home doses of sinemet .
labs showed stable h / h at 11 . 3 / 33 . 2 ( 11 . 9 / 34 . 6 on discharge friday ) .
there is evidence of very severe tracheomalacia with evidence of severe anterior motion of the posterior tracheal wall with just simple suction from the bronchoscope , and almost complete obstruction of the distal trachea .
echo was performed which showed heart artery  stenosis , mild mr , 3 + bic , and moderate pulmonary  hypertension .
likely etiology of encephalopathy felt to be upper digestive track bleed with no sign of infection ( chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) with no sign of lung infection , no urinary tract infection , no e  extension  o  systolic blood blood however no ascites obtained ) .
she had guaiac negative stools in emergency department and in intensive care unit .
the patient did well post - operatively and was discharged on 7 - 13 .
on review of systems , the patient denies chest pain , shortness of breath , dizziness , sensations that heart is pounding , n  extension  v / d , abdomen pain , dysuria .
initial blood gas had a ph of 6 . 91 , a carbon dioxide of 100 , partial pressure oxygen of 48 .
the patient was kept nothing by mouth due to his aspiration risk .
the patient is a 70 year or years old woman transferred from hospital hospital for management of l parieto - occipital hemorrhage .
he had mild intercostal retractions which responded to facial continuous positive airway pressure .
differential diagnosis for chest pain also includes lung blood clot , pulmonary  edema / heart failure , lung infection , pleurisy , and stomach disease .
during this admission blood cultures , imaging torso , bone marrow biopsy and bone scan were all unremarkable , and patient was discharged without a definitive diagnosis .
as he was only on his angiotensin - converting enzyme for 2 days before discharge , it is unclear whether this will be exacerbated by the medication .
on admission to the medical intensive care unit , , vitals were : 97 . 8 , 68 , 97 / 59 , 97 % on room air .
in the intensive care unit she was placed on two lis ' s ( dilantin and keppra ) .
cardiology had been consulted and pt started on slow amiodarone load and uptitration of nodal agents ; he persisted through this and was getting more hypotense to low 100 ' s , so was transferred to cardiology service where he was more aggressively loaded with amiodarone 400 tid for a total of one week , with plan to decrease to 400 daily thereafter .
he has had chronic knee pain for which he takes acetaminophen ; he also takes a nightly ibuprofen - containing sleep aid for insomnia .
patient was maintained on a hepatic insulin - peptide substance to maintain normoglycemia and fingersticks were unremarkable .
patient was given 500cc normal saline , had basic labs ( no imaging ) .
patient has been on total parenteral nutrition for several years , this was discontinued during the beginning of the hospital stay .
he was transferred to the hospital1 69 for further evaluation .
his labs were stable and he was discharged home with the appropriated f  extension  u appointments .
she was given gentamicin and admitted to the medical intensive care unit , .
the patient was also treatd with warm compresses and decadron given inflammation in retropharyngeal space .
the culture showed : gram stain ( final 2171 - 11 - 22 ) : no polymorphonuclear leukocytes seen .
mr  known  surname is a 66m with nervous system disorder that affects movement ' s  s  extension  p brain implant transferred from nursing home with malaise , acute mountain sickness , fevers .
given his post - test estimated probability of lung blood clot was 20 % , he was continued on anticoagulation .
right upper quadrant ultrasound was done that was neg for acute hepatitisy .
he was unable to manage his insulin pump and it was discontinued and he was started on humalog sliding scale and lantus , he will need to be restarted on his insulin pump when able .
urinary output was a total of 400 cc while in emergency department .
she was briefly placed on ventilator , but became very agitated and removed the ventilator .
the cerebellar signs and amnesia , fit well with well - known vulnerability of purkinje neurons and the hippocampus to hypoxia and carbon monoxide poisoning .
digestive tract bleed on the floor she was initially hemodynamically stable with stable proportion of red blood cells .
a code blue was called , and the patient was intubated for hypercarbic  breathing failure .
there , noncontrasted head computed tomography was unremarakable ( both the report and the images , which i reviewed at that time ) and a carotid doppler u  extension  s of the carotids study was reportedly without e  extension     .
age over 90 yo female with history of diastolic congestive hearts failure and obstructive lung disease who presented with insufficient oxygen and agitation .
the patient was placed on ventilator for a period of time .
she tolerated the procedure well , was extubated and she was started on strict nothing by mouth after the procedure .
the combination of increased alcohol use and daily tylenol ( 2 - 3g for 3 weeks percutaneous transluminal angioplasty ) ) , however , would likely be enough trauma to cause acute hepatic from elevated tylenol levels levels / decreased clearance of tylenol . ) , however , would likely be enough insult to cause acute hepatic toxicity from elevated tylenol levels / decreased clearance of tylenol .
the patient was started on neo - synephrine for low blood pressure which was quickly weaned off .
he was transferred to hospital1 first name8 last name ( titles ) flight and admitted to the intensive care unit .
known lastname 20773 is an 82 year old man with a history of itp and iddm complicated by autonomic postural hypotension , recently admitted for 7mm acute traumatic sdh after fall , was transferred from osh for acute on chronic sdh with 7mm midline shift s / p right burr hole drainage by hospital1 18 neurosurgery .
patient is a 61 year - old female with high blood pressure , anemia who was transferred from the hospital unit name 153 with an infection of the bile duct and anemia , clinically doing well .
postoperative days # 0 - remained in post - anesthesia care unit 2166 - 12 - 29 overnight for brief malignancy administration , volume resuscitation , 1u packed red blood cells , and observation .
he denies chest pain but states that he has shortness of breath and lightheadedness with exertion .
she was being on followup and further staging imaging scans were done .
he will be discharged on lasix 50 mg by mouth ( per os )  brought in by ambulance and will receive 3 sessions of plasma per week as an outpatient .
there her initial blood pressure was recorded as 67 / 45 , heart rate 130 , breathing rate 24 , temperature 100 . 8 axillary .
we started her on oral feeds on 2102 - 5 - 15 after she passed a repeat swallow evaluation .
a the amount of blood sugar attached to hemoglobin was checked and was 6 . 8 .
53 yo  watt  watt  extension  ms first name ( titles ) last name ( titles ) urinary tract infections  s  extension  p  low blood sodium and seizure .
acute kidney failure during this hospitalization might have been pre - kidney in the setting of aggressive diuretic use .
patient transferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
he had been discharged to rehab on 7 - 7 after being readmitted post surgery for breathing arrest .
he remained hemodynamically stable there overnight with noticeable improvement in his speech .
aspirin , beta blockade and his statin were resumed .
in the emergency department at hospital1 18 , notable for arterial oxygen saturation = 81 % on room air .
date range 57887 : on 10 - 14 patient had tracheostomy tube placed and percutaneous a surgical operation tube placed for feeding .
insufficient oxygen and apneaoresis improved , patient was extubated after 1 . 5 days and was subsequently able to maintain good saturations on room air .
+ dizziness , no syncope , sick / vomiting , diaphoresis or other associated symptoms .
this was not felt to be due to the cocaine overdose but possibly due to deficiency of calcium in the laboratory .
he has not been taking any of his medications including his inhalers or diuretics for the past 3 - 9 days either ; he reports this is because ` ` i ' m on too many pills . ' '
she was also scheduled for steroid injection but had to be postponed since she had received plavix in the intensive care unit .
she has been flipping in and out of atrial abnormal heart rhythms frequently in the last few months but notes improved control of afib since that hospitalization .
he was placed on a 1 : 1 sitter while in house .
her risk factors for doctor last name included high blood pressure and hematology .
a body imaging brain / magnetic resonance angiography carotids revealed mild - to - moderate brain atrophy and occlusion of the left internal carotid artery at the bifurcation , high - grade narrowing of a blood vessel of the right internal carotid bifurcation .
# prophylaxis : holding heparin , not tolerating boots , cont proton pump inhibitor # full code .
he has a chronic cough that has become slightly more productive of yellow sputum .
on the floor , he continued to spike fevers daily .
he was protecting his airway with no signs of impending seizures .
was in her usual state of health when yesterday afternoon ( 7 - 10 ) she began having a ` ` choking sensation ' ' - like pain in her chest .
they estimated that he may have taken 40mg of oxycontin 2x over period of hours .
epicardial pacing wires were removed on post - op day three .
prominent r wave in lead v3 without diagnostic criteria for left ventricular hypertrophy .
this is a 66 year old female who woke up the morning of 2187 - 4 - 19 with severe periumbilical abdominal pain , sick and vomitting .
initially highly active antiretroviral therapy held due to metabolic acidosis in setting of acute kidney failure and sepsis .
the patient had had no chest pain , sensations that heart is pounding , abnormal sweating , sick or vomiting .
# ethanol abuse : patient states her last drink was about 5mo ago when starting physical rehab for left hip fracture .
at that time , the family plans to terminally extubate her .
her repeat noncontrasted head computed tomography at that time showed a very small amount of expansion from her prior outside hospital noncontrasted head computed .
patient was admitted to neurosurgery on 8 - 19 and underwent the above stated procedure .
the patient was instructed at length about the concerning signs and symptoms of bleeds for which he should call the on - call hematology / oncology fellow .
he reports his last chest pain was on 12 - 10 . .
she went to her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) ' s office today who noted an inability to tolerate sips of water , a blood pressure of 92 / 50 , heart rate of 105 , so she was sent to the emergency department for evaluation for possible diabetic ketoacidosis .
the patient was fitted with a ventilator mask overnight , which he tolerated okay .
the next day she felt fine , but the following morning , she woke up with severe , sharp , lower abdominal pain ( 7 - 5 , constant , right lower quadrant / faq ) with pain in her mid back .
procedure was terminated but able to remove and replace old stent .
per outpatient urologist , this is consistent with chronic colonization and will be treated with outpatient antibiotics regimen by urologist .
given the severity of his disease , the heart surgical service was consulted for surgical revascularization .
3 ) type 2 diabetes : today advanced patient ' s diet to regular diet as tolerated and resume patient ' s outpt insulin 50u every morning + every night at bedtime while regular insulin sliding scale .
- international normalized ratio 2 . 0 with fibrinogen 104 - platelets / cr 64 / 2 . 9 - hct 28 - white blood cell 20 - platelets 131 on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , patient is intubated and sedated and unable to provide further history .
since his discharge on 12 - 30 , mr . name14 states that he continues to have daily fevers to 102 , which typically resolve with tylenol .
states has had periodic diarrhea , last episode monday , but prior to that had been several weeks .
45yom with pmhx of epilepsy , substance abuse , prior l1 - l2 [ lumbar vertebraes ] transverse process fracture and chronic pain who p  extension  w difficult to control seizures in the setting of a rapid teaching and anticonvulsant withdrawal during a planned long - term monitoring admission .
she was brought to hospital6 4299 and was found to have a small right subdural hematoma .
heart surgery was consulted and on 12 - 21 she was taken to the operating room where she underwent repair of anomaolous right coronary artery .
# dibetes : patient test measures the amount of blood sugar attached to hemoglobin indicates excellent control of his home diabetes , and patient has had some issues with partially low barium swallow .
he will be discharged on a proton pump inhibitor at twice daily dosing to complete 1 month afterwhich he will decrease the dose to daily .
patient was admitted with motor speech disorder , confusion , and decreased hearing in his right ear , and no localizing or lateralizing signs .
sleep obstructive sleep - the patient reported having a previous diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea , for which she has been on ventilator in the past .
on post operative day 9 she was discharged home with visiting nursing association services .
superficial wound swab cultures eventually demonstrated different strains of coag .
patient continues to be delirious and is transferred to medicine for further work - up .
the patient ' s course was complicated by abnormal heart rate  w  extension  irregular pumping of blood through the heart which responded to diltiazem .
a blood vessel imaging was negative for lung blood clot , and a imaging of her head was negative for any acute process .
patient was complaining of light - headedness but no abdominal pain .
per wife , patient complained of sick and vomited 2 - 3x this afternoon .
known  surname 3234 was recently transitioned from a fibrate to pravastatin on 2157 - 1 - 28 .
# acute cytomegalovirus infection : her initial presentation with a fever , fatigue , watery stool and diffuse myalgias was initially thought to be consistent with mononucleosis or a similar viral illness .
the patient was discharged home with hospice on 6 - 16 .
she was seen by toxicology who recommended by vein  tox and hepatology agreed .
imaging of the chest still showed a left upper lobe mass and mediastinal abnormal enlargement of the lymph nodes .
proportion of red blood cells 20 . 6 prior to transfer and received 1 u  packed red blood cells .
patient was treated with y vein fluids and airway was monitored .
coumadin will be managed by the hospital 112 hospital 14813 clinic .
started on sepsis protocol and given total of 6 . 6 l normal saline .
low blood sodium : hypovolemic low blood sodium as evidenced by picture of dehydration as discussed above .
dr . last name 3271 requested a neuro consult on the floor .
# anemia / reduction of platelets : concern is for persistent bleed into the left legs and possible risk for compartment syndrome however intact pulses on both sides and per ortho recs , compartment syndrome is a near impossibility in thigh .
however , on the day he was transferred to the floor he became increasingly shortness of breath .
he also report an episode of left eye viral conjunctivitis .
on day of discharge she was found to have a baseline neurologic exam , good pain control , and able to ambulate .
however , considering patient ' s poor prognosis it was decided to put a palliative stent .
a repeat body imaging at that time was consistent with parietaltis , leukemia and primarily ventral epidural abscess at t6 , t7 and t8 have improved and there is less spinal cord compression compared to 7 - 29 .
the patient was doing well with passe muir valve on oxygen cannula until approximately 2 weeks ago when he had an aspiration event .
patient was started on a regimen of fentanyl patch , morphine insulin resistanceinterventional radiology , and valium .
his slow heart rate resolved ( heart rate 59 on leaving the medical intensive care unit , ) and was felt to be due to beta blocker toxicity .
she is s  extension  p  implantable cardioverter defibrillator placement with episodes of implantable cardioverter defibrillator firing .
he also reports intermittant cough shortness of breath on exertion over the same time period .
additionally he received multiple doses albumin with lasix by vein .
they recommended aggressive diuresis ( negative 2 - 2 . 5 liters ) and heparinization for his atrial abnormal heart rhythms .
possibly going for heart bypass surgery - acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) - bb - high dose statin - will trend cardiac enzymes until peak .
in the intensive care unit , a central line was urgently placed .
type 2 diabetes - insulin drip initially and transitioned to sliding scale insulin with hospital1 brain swelling with reasonable glucose control .
throuhgout his hospital stay , vital signs were routinely monitored .
on the way to the emergency department she reportedly vomited three to four gallons of clear fluid .
given numerous allergies to antibiotics she was started on meropenem and vancomycin for hospital acquired lung infection , though aspiration lung infection remained on the differential .
he was successfully extubated on 11 - 4 and morphine drip was given with scopolamine patch for comfort measures .
he underwent a bronchoalveolar lavage british anti - lewisite blood alcohol level on 1 - 11 which showed strep streptococcus bacteria .
she was evaluated by surgery , with review of imaging films with radiology , and felt not to have inflammation of the appendix .
acute kidney failure : the patient ' s serum creatinine was elevated to 1 . 9 at outside hospital from a baseline 0 . 9 .
on 2141 - 8 - 30 tracheostomy was removed ; trach site healed well and patient breathing well with good oxygen saturation .
there was no blood drainage , gentle pressure was applied for 10 minutes , and a pressure dressing was applied to the wound .
# prophylaxis : proton pump inhibitor , heparin drops transitioning to year ( 4 digits ) .
patient reports using 600 - 1200mg of advil , alleve on top of advil .
he was also started on digoxin at the outside hospital for his congestive hearts failure and was also started on amiodarone .
patient then underwent an angio on 2170 - 11 - 27 which demonstrated no aneurysm and moderate right and moderate to severe left vertebral artery narrowing of a blood vessel .
she admits to drinking an herbal tea that has a warning of possible liver failure .
atropine and dopamine were initally instituted and resolved the initial episode but nesynephrine was required to avoid unde overspeed heart rate .
anemia : proportion of red blood cells was 31 on the last day .
patient on torsemide 20mg hospital1 at home .
known  surname 59405 would no longer be aggressively treated for his medical problems .
vanco trough was obtained on 2167 - 2 - 8 and was withion target range ( 17 ) . pulmonary consult also followed patient while on the floor and recommended  rehab .
beta blockade was advanced for rate control and he was started on coumadin .
he went to the operating room ( aka operating theatre ) with dr first name4 last name .
8 - 7 : abdominal exam worsens , ( + ) right upper quadrant pain , ( + ) rebound .
dehydration : patient dehydrated on arrival in the setting of low po intake and later on with abundant watery stool .
pulsus was measured at least hospital1 and was never elevated ; the patient remained asymptomatic through his hospital stay .
patient was put on a clinical institute withdrawal assessment for alcohol scale but did not require benzos throught hospital unit name 153 stay .
she was transferred to the floor and the step down unit on 2139 - 1 - 24 .
the endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography revealed a gaping papilla consistent with recent stone passage and a normal biliary tree ; a sphincterotomy was performed , and sludge was extracted .
in the emergency room he was found to have a hematocrit of 23 . 3 .
he also has essential thrombocytosis which is associated with increased white blood cell counts in situations of inflammatory stress .
his prograf level was stable at approximately 10 on 4 mg hospital1 .
the patient had complications of inflammation in the pancreas , duodenal stump leak and stricture .
he was neurologically well until the past summer when he started experiencing brief spells of dizziness .
80 years old female with history of stroke from cerebral amyloid angiopathy who presents with shortness of breath x 1 week .
* * as a note , the patient ' s lasix regimen was added during this admission , and should be titrated up as appropriate to diurese for his bilateral  chest effusions .
the following day his creatinine dropped to 1 . 3 and he was sent for a blood vessel imaging with lung blood clot protocol which was indeterminate for lung blood clot due to motion artifact but did not show thrombus in the transularlilili or pelvic veins .
the decision was made for medical management and the patient was continued on aspirin , statin and beta blocker with nitro prn for chest pain .
he has recieved 11 units of red blood cells , 2 of fresh frozen plasma , and 4 amps of bicarb for a ph of 6 . 7 .
with this finding , vascular surgery was consulted and she was taken to the operating room for a left femoral to popliteal to below - knee popliteal bypass .
her symptoms were felt to be secondary to low blood sodium , antiemetics were held and the patient ' s headache treated with tylenol as needed .
no chest pain , blurry vision , watery stool , melena , vomiting of blood .
started on heparin drip , and bridged to coumadin in house .
she was intubated and transferred to the medical intensive care unit at hospital3 1280 hospital where over the course of the next week developed worsening renal failure as well as liver failure with a creatinine of 3 . 0 , almost no urine output , and liver function tests in the 7 , 000s .
she was discharged home to follow - up with dr . last name 957 in clinic .
at the outside hospital , concern was for aspiration lung infection ( chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) demonstrated large right basal lobe and left lower lobe lung infection ) , so he was started on antibiotics ( vancomycin , zosyn , azithromycin ) .
echo showed preserved left ventricular ejection fraction with hypokinetic inferior wall in the right coronary artery territory .
his antiretroviral regimen was restarted prior to his discharge .
5 ) dibetes : well controlled with poor eating - - recent glycosylated hemoglobin ( hemoglobin a1c ) of 6 . 6 - - continue lantus , sliding scale , care given poor by mouth ( per os ) .
an echo showed a severely enlarged left ventricle at 6 . 3cm with an left ventricular ejection fraction of 55 % and an heart artery valve area of 0 . 7cm2 .
as patient had significant anxiety , was tremulous and diaphoretic , she was restarted on clonazepam 2mg three times a day ( the dose she claimed to be on ) out of concern for withdrawal .
baseline in 60s - 70s during the day .
71 year old female with obstructive lung disease , ethanol hepatitis who presented as a transfer from hospital1 1562 with a lung abscess .
heparin bolused and drops begun in emergency department as patient has missed am fondux .
we started him on coumadin with lovenox bridge for 6 months for prophylaxis against intramural thrombus formation .
the patient had a history of recurrent laryngeal cancer after completing an initial course of radiation therapy seven years ago .
the patient was started on broad spectrum antibiotics that were narrowed appropriately .
known  surname 26890 was admitted to emergency department from clinic for increasing shortness of breath .
known  surname notes that he had a bitter sensation in his throat , after which he began feeling shortness of breath .
seizure activity abated and she was transfered to hospital1 18 for further care .
she did not follow up the chronic kidney disease .
no evidence of cirrhosis on exam and international normalized ratio / albumin were preserved .
however , sputum came back showing oral flora suggestive of his airways being colonized .
she was stable on post operative day one and transferred to the floor .
he was monitored carefully in the stepdown unit , and his exam continued to fluctuate , though it overall improved .
he stated that the pain was exacerbated by deep inspiration .
bilateral anterior packing was placed by the trauma team without tamponade of the bleeding .
known  surname 44908 is a 82 year - old woman who has a history of noninsulin dependent diabetes , high blood pressure , hypertension , leukemia who originally presented to an outside hospital the night prior to admission with symptoms of chest pain .
she had received a flu shot about 1 week prior .
patient is an 81 years old man w  extension  h  extension  o  aortic valve replacement , 1v heart bypass surgery , recurrent falls over last few months , multiple x1s , initially admitted on 9 - 30 with fever of of and diffuse lymphadenopathy .
iron studies in month ( only ) w  extension low iron , elevated ferritin .
she was perfectly stable on an oxygen face mask and did not require intubation .
# coronaries : patient has significant risk factors for heart disease , given high blood pressure , peripheral vascular disease , long smoking history , high levels of fats , etc .
he was therefore transferred to hospital1 18 for further care .
on 2137 - 3 - 1 he proceeded to the operating room with dr . last name and underwent a heart bypass surgery x 3 with left internal mammary artery to the lad , saphenous vein to the om , and saphenous vein graft graft to the  .
* methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus bacteremia : patient found to have infected r . subclavian line with 4 / 4 blood cultures ( + ) for methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus .
confirms obtner - hours telling her to wreak vengeance on herself .
patient denies any sore throat , sinus pain or epistaxis .
at radius on the day of admission to hospital1 , they were unable to access his arteriovenous fistula .
known  surname 59201 was admitted to the hospital1 18 on 2118 - 9 - 13 for surgical management of his heart artery valve disease .
since that time a new 31mm corevalve has been made available .
her blood pressure was 80 / 40 and heart rate was in the 50 ' s .
on 9 - 8 code status was discussed w  extension  mr . g ' s wife and extended family members present .
intake since his discharge and he has noticed his left leg continues to remain swollen .
there was also moderate mitral stenosis with moderate mitral backward flowing .
she resentd with recurrent abdominal pain initiall thought to be pelvic inflammatory disease .
# high blood pressure - elevated blood pressure on admission , was given metoprolol in the emergency department without much effect , but also in setting of volume overload .
however at the time of discharge to the surgery service , she was still feeling fearful , paranoid and unsafe to go home .
crohn ' s disease : patient is s  extension  p multiple surgeries with short gut and an belly wall surgery on chronic total parenteral nutrition .
low blood pressure : low blood pressure likely in part due to early sepsis ( and possibly relative adrenal insufficiency , as below ) from c . difficile infection requiring aggressive y vein fluids resuscitation and brief medical intensive care unit , admission .
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , the patient was unresponsive and unable to give a history .
the patient was found to be in pulseless electrical activity , and heart and lung resuscitation was begun .
the patient is a 45 - year - old male with cryptogenic cirrhosis and history of recent hepatitis c encephalopathy , ascites , > , hepatorenal syndrome and grade i esophageal enlarged veins .
of note , her lung cancer involves the right upper lobe mass and adjacent hilar / mediastinal / supraclavicular nodes .
echo showed severe heart artery insufficiency with a preserved left ventricular ejection fraction .
for surgical details , please see seperate dictated operative note .
the operation was without complications , and the patient was admitted to the surgical intensive care unit for hourly flap checks .
his vital signs prior to transfer back to hospital1 18 were systolic blood pressure in the 120 ' s and heart rate in the 80 ' s .
she was started on vancomycin and meropenem and agressively volume resuscitated with normal saline  y vein fluids .
in the intensive care unit , diuresis was continued with a lasix drip as her bicarbonate had normalized .
he felt lightheaded and had a burning sensation in his chest prior to the shock .
80 female with multiple medical problems , including cad , chf , pvd , dm2 , who presented with a near syncopal episode , fever , elevated wbc , some nausea today with poor po intake who was found to have mb bacteremia and nstemi on 9 - 17 . .
chronic pain was also consulted to help manage his home pain regimen , especially when a final diagnosis of metastatic cancer came back on path .
her vehicle hit a car that crossed the median .
a pulmunary blood clot was noted on the admission imaging scan .
at that time the lesion expressed a large amount of largely serous fluid .
her mental status and oxygen improved as her bicarbonate normalized .
on review of systems , he denies pain other than his baseline leukemia bronchoalveolar kidney : esophageal complaints .
51 female with history significant for obstructive lung disease with multiple admissions to hospital3 2737 who was again admitted there on 2160 - 9 - 10 for obstructive lung disease exacerbation .
59f multiple intensive care unit admissions for problemname 115 breathing function including arr apnea arrest requiring intubation who was most recently transferred back to the medical intensive care unit , on 1 - 3 with increased secretions and decreased functional breathing reserve , concerning for neurologic induced weakness .
on day 7 , she was dc  ' ratio  ed to home in stable condition after central venous line removal without incident .
she was taken to the hospital1 18 emergency room for evaluation by emergency medical service ( s ) .
further evaluation included pulmonary consultation given his severe obstructive lung disease .
# metastatic thyroid cancer : patient with a widespread history of mets to the brain , bone , lungs .
anal manometry study was performed 1 - 17 and found be normal with some hypersensitivity to balloon dilation .
his respiratory status improved with oxygen saturations of 96 - 99 % on room air from requiring 3 - 4lnc .
they are wary to perform angiography on the leg given patient ' s kindey function .
the paramedics noted a systolic blood pressure in the 70 ' s which responded to y vein fluids .
she was started on treatment for heart rates with midodrine and octreotide .
he subsequently developed ongoing bleeding and underwent blood vessel imaging which revealed colitis and bleeding from right side colon .
a recent chest imaging and spirometry with dr . last name 575 suggested her symptoms are more than expected for primary lung disease .
his chest tubes were discontinued postoperative days 5 without complication .
discussions were held with the hospital 228 health care proxy , name 319 name 19442 ( name 802 ) , and code status was changed to comfort measures only ( palliative care or hospice ) [ comfort measures only ] .
she had limited abduction of her right pupil and was only able to move her right upper extremity against gravity .
# diabetes mellitus : he was discharged home on a regimen of brain swelling 12 - 10 .
on 2136 - 5 - 29 the patient presented to the hospital with a small bowel obstruction .
blood vessel imaging of the head on 10 - 30 was reviewed and was negative for narrowing of the arteries .
by this time her or wound cultures from 2168 - 3 - 2 confirmed ' beta group a streptococcus ' and she continued on her course of ceftriaxone and clindamycin by vein per infectious disease specialist recommendations .
a blood culture resulted on 10 - 2 and showed cervix ' s in 3 - 26 bottles .
she was readmitted on 11 - 18 after being noted to have fever to 100 at cytosine in association with abdomen pain .
70 yo man with remote hx ugib , known diverticulosis who presented with brbpr at home and proceeded to have multiple episodes in - house with significant hct drop 1 ) lower gi bleed secondary to diverticulosis several episodes brbpr ( 7 - 9 ) on admission to the floor , noted to have hct drop from 41 - - > 36 . 6 as well as syncopal episode .
# f / e / n : nothing by mouth for now with y vein fluids until deemed stable .
an spinal tap was not performed at this time due to risk of herniation with the present brain blood collects .
she was initially admitted to the hospital unit name 153 where she was warmed up to euthermia and subsequently transferred to the floor .
blood cultures were drawn and she was started on a dilt drops .
he was eventually transferred to the regular nursing unit .
she did well there , and was discharged to home today on multiple medications , including oxycodone and ativan .
maternal history was significant for insufficient amniotic fluid which was self - resolved .
her headaches sound consistent with intracranial low blood pressure given their positional nature and suggest continued cerebrospinal fluid leak and symptomatic pseudoeningingial .
esophageal cancer : ongoing chemo and last name ( lf ) 16859 , first name3 ( lf ) oncology .
patient on pentobarb coma - no corneals , gag or motor response to pain at that time .
obstructive lung disease exacerbation : patient started on ceftriaxone , levaquin , and by vein solumedrol on admission and required ventilator .
# altered mental status : the patient at baseline is believed to be alert and oriented x 2 .
initial bronchoscopy showed some blood in the bronchi , so the patient received 24hours of high - dose steroids .
he initially required pressor support but has improved from a hemodynamic perspective and was called out to the floor .
he was taken to the operating room where he underwent a mitral valve replacement using a st .
right hallux - - during the admission , after his acute issues had resolved , mr .
based on sensitivities , patient will complete a total of 10 days of zosyn for treatment .
known  surname  known  surname is the former 2 . 395 kg product of a 35 - 5 / 7 week gestation pregnancy born to a 22 - year - old g1 86 woman .
records show that her blood pressure on day of transfer was 90s - 130s / 40s - 60s .
he will follow - up at hospital1 112 with dr . last name 32963 .
she was on hormonal therapy as well as exgeva .
he sustained multiple stab wounds to the anterior and posterior chest , scalp , and l arm .
7 . 22 / 41 / 294 / 18 , so respiratory rate was increased to 22 .
# stage iii cad with brain mets : continued levetiracetam , dexamethasone , prn oxycodone .
he was emergently taken to the operating room for a bilateral burr holes for evacuation of his subdurals .
baby girl name2 40351 is a term female infant , born by cesarean section for maternal indications , who is ready to transfer to the newborn nursery .
he was started on zyvox 4 days prior to this presentation .
a stereotactic biopsy was performed on 2 - 12 , and the patient failed to extubate due to breathing distress and agitation .
6 - 7 : not feverish , fiber added to the tube feed secondary to persistent watery stool .
because the patient remained intubated and sedated , and no neurological assessment could be made , a imaging head was obtained that demonstrated significant cerebral edema but no evidence of intracranial hemorrhage , abnormal bulge or ischemic .
the hematology / oncology service was consulted , and per their recs the patient received iv dextran , vitamin b12 injections , folate , epogen 20 , 000 units three times per week .
47 yo  male presented with 8 / 10 mid - sternal chest pain x40 min to outside hospital .
known  surname 84323 was admitted to the hospital1 18 spine surgery service on 2124 - 5 - 30 and taken to the operating room for t12 - l5 release through an anterior approach .
this abscess was drained under interventional radiology guidance on hospital day 7 , using a pig - tail catheter .
# insufficient oxygen - at time of presentation , the patient had subacute progressive worsening of shortness of breath .
it is likely that this is colonization from her ischial wounds .
the sensation was worsened with head movements and present in all positions .
he noted that with this , he began to have increasing urinary retention with lower abdominal discomfort .
the wound vac dressing was last changed 11 - 8 , the patient was discharged with dressing in place and vacuum to resume on arrival to home .
she was started on gentamicin and clindamycin for intrapartum fever .
54 years old male d  extension  c  ' ratio  d from hospital1 18 with diagnosis of pneumonia on 9 - 10 returns 9 - 11 with report of shortness of breath , desaturation , and worsening pulmonary  edema from ness and rehab .
he remained asymptomatic despite his anemia and continued to maintain good blood flow .
over several days , he continued to make clinical improvements with diuresis and was medically cleared for discharge on postoperative day four .
38 yo f w / hx of type i dm , gastroparesis requiring frequent hospitalizations who presented to ed on 4 - 11 because her fingerstick was extremely high ( ` ` unable to measure ' ' by glucometer ) , + polyuria , + polydipsia , nausea with emesis , and headache .
after this , his proportion of red blood cells remained stable for the next 3 days .
patient was transferred to the floor on hd2 / pod1 .
known  surname past history is remarkable for stage 3 rectal cancer , state changed  post pelvic exenteration performed in 2187 at an outside hospital with a subsequent development of an enterocutaneous fistula in the perineum .
cardiac catheterization done on 7 - 19 showed normal circumflex with some diffuse disease of the left anterior descending ( a coronary artery ) and 99 % right coronary artery and a small but normal circumflex .
at the time of discharge , the patient was taking 41 u lantus each night , with 3 u pre - prandial humalog .
# elevated lipase : in the differential was bowel obstruction as etiology though more likely is inflammation in the pancreas , no sick , vomiting , some epigastric tenderness , could be inflammation in the pancreas caused by medications , or potential autoimmune .
he developed hepatorenal syndrome ( creat 6 . 0 , international normalized ratio 7 . 0 and t . bili 52 ) and contrast nephropathy .
he was admitted to the intensive care unit and started on vancomycin , zosyn , and levofloxacin to cover for possible soft tissue ( legs ulcer ) and breathing sources ( aspiration lung infection ) .
upon arrival to hospital1 18 in the emergency department the patient reported 3 - 25 chest pain and his electrocardiogram was notable for st depressions in v1 - v3 .
she will continue on aspirin 325 , plavix , statin , and angiotensin - converting enzyme inhibitor .
she has a follow up appointment with dr . last name , her outpatient nephrologist , in 2160 - 6 - 17 . .
however , 1 - 2 weeks prior to presentation patient reported increasing fatigue , weakness , and shortness of breath .
the imaging scan showed a left superior cerebellar stroke which they felt was subacute .
she was admitted to hospital 794 hospital yesterday with shortness of breath and increased oxygen requirement .
please see dr . name 81819 h + p for full detail .
kidney : low blood sodium - improved with free water restriction to 1 liter .
2 ) lung  blood clot : following transfer to the general medical floor , given persistent sinus  tachycardia and mild oxygen requirement , a chest peri was obtained , which revealed a lll  lung  blood clot .
she will have a repeat chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) and lung function test ' s in one month to monitor her lung function once primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) treatment has finished .
the patient was weaned off sedation on blood filtering # 2 .
before he got a chance to take his high - dose prednisone , he decided to come to the emergency department .
given the risk of bleeding with oral anticoagulation in amyloid angiiopathy , the decision was made to not proceed with coumadin , but rather use aspirin for secondary stroke prevention .
name10 breathing improved on the steroids and once again noticed difficulty breathing and excessive coughing once off the steroids .
diuretics were temporarily withheld as medical therapy was optimized .
# acid / base status : arterial blood gas 7 . 16 / 50 / 75 / 19 , ag 13 on day of admission .
she will be followed for coumadin dosing by dr last name and first international normalized ratio draw will be monday 2 - 24 with international normalized ratio goal 2 . 5 - 3 . 5 for mechanical mitral valve .
there was a question of fournier ' s gangrene of the scrotum which was debrided by urology in the operating room ( aka operating theatre ) .
id was consulted who recommended caspofungin initially and then a course of fluconazole to continue while cholecystostomy tube is in place .
sputum recultured from 2113 - 8 - 6 is growing gram - negative rods , unspeciated at this point .
this improved when his diuresis was halted and he has remained relatively blood volume without supplemental lasix .
her electrocardiogram showed normal heart rate  bradycardia but was otherwise normal .
she underwent repeat upper endoscopy by digestive tract which demonstrated an actively oozing avm which was treated with cautery .
with high blood pressure , dibetes , dibzesmcia and h  extension  o ruptured who presented with chest pain this who presented with chest pain this . m . . and was found to have an inferior . m . and was found to have an inferior with total occlusion m with total occlusion of right coronary artery .
# left ethmoid adenocarcinoma : patient with prescription with resection / radiation in past ; recent recurrence prescription ' ed with resection .
tried iv amiodarone load , but without change from aflutter in 140s , discontinued amiodarone after the load and went back to metoprolol for rate control , with doses varying from 75 tid to 100 qid , with caution regarding bp ( mostly sbp 100 - 130 ) and concern for potential to throw a clot if converted to sinus given not anticoagulating in setting of gi bleed .
# id : possible sources of infection included lung infection , vital signs rectovag fistual vs meningitis resulting in a septic picute .
during the time in the emergency department , it was noted that her right neck appeared hospital1 2824 .
5 days ago patient experienced 12 - 31 loose non bloody bowel movements per day , assocaiated with mild occasional lower abdominal pain .
we dose reduced her to 40mg and she tolerated this change .
post catheterization she had an intra - aortic balloon pump placed and was transferred to the coronary care unit for monitoring .
at the time of admission , the patient noted that he had recently been started on an angiotensin inhibitor approximately at the time of his discharge from hospital6 3953 .
initially high blood pressure , he initially required intravenous labetolol and nipride .
he was taken emergently to hospital3 4107 where he underwent a head imaging which showed a left basal ganglia bleed ; his blood pressures on presentation were 190 ' s / 110s ( treated there with by vein labetolol ) .
postoperative days # 4 patient cleared for home with services .
vascular saw the patient and did not feel that there was an acute need for an invasive procedure .
patient received leukophoresis , and hydroxyurea with white blood cell decreasing from 170 initially to 51 thousand .
she will have this followed up by her cardiologist .
a pericardiocentesis was performed on 8 - 6 , and he was transferred to the critical care unit following the procedure .
we suspected possible drug allergy to zosyn , and his antibiotic regimen was changed to his current regimen of levofloxacin , metronidazole , and vancomycin with resolution of fever and improved white blood cell count .
she was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit after a neurosurgical consult was obtained and a right ventriculostomy drain was placed at the bedside under sterile conditions .
he remained in normal increase in heart rate and was discharged to home with visiting nursing association services on postoperative days # 5 .
since the patient was satting mid 90s on room air the trach was capped .
the patient saw his primary care physician in the office and received an electrocardiogram which was reported as being abnormal .
mr . known  surname 1001 last name ( titles ) ruled out with 2 sets of negative enzymes .
6 . htn - restarted lisinopril , bblocker once blood pressure was stable .
emergency medical service ( s ) was dispatched and the patient was transported to hospital6 1760 where a head imaging showed a positive subarachnoid bleeding and bifrontal injury to .
digestive tract was consulted in emergency department who recommended bringing down his international normalized ratio , transfusing as needed , and upper endoscopy once stablilized .
a repeat imaging scan performed several hours later showed collapse of the left lung .
endocrine was consulted and they rec ' d synthroid 50 , and outpatient endo at location 2274 to be scheduled while patient is at hospital3 13990 .
iron deficiency anemia : he was noted to have iron deficiency anemia and treated with by vein iron replacement in the hospital .
at this point , her body imaging scan of the brain shows a fairly large brain tumor located in the right temporal lobe which measures at least 4 cm with mass effect and right uncal herniation .
she underwent an echo which showed moderate lung  edema .
post operatively she remained intubated and was brought to the intensive care unit .
given no cervix on bronchoalveolar lavage british anti - lewisite blood alcohol level , did not cover staph auerus ( methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus ) .
in the emergency department , initial vital signs were : temperature : 97 . 9 , pulse : 70 blood pressure : 197 / 122 , breathing rate : 14
# difficulty swallowing : attributed to his underlying parkinson ' s and loss of cognitive functioning .
this is a 71 - year - old woman without a history of coronary artery disease , who presents to this emergency department from home after noticing substernal chest pain .
after receiving the diazepam in the emergency department , he became calmer and more somnolent , possibly due to the librium starting to take effect .
he was intubated for airway protection during transport and was given 10 mg medicine and 100 mg succ at 5 pm , and placed on a propofol drip .
postoperatively he was taken to the intensive care unit for monitoring .
he is discharged with outpatient psychiatric follow up at university / college 23633 on 2108 - 6 - 11 .
serum acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) , acetmnphn , barb , tricyc negative .
overnight on 1 - 11 , patient reported severe headache that was relieved with by vein dilaudid .
extubated early the following morning in normal increase in heart rate on indulin and neo drips .
in the ambulance , had runs of ventricular high heartbeat rhythm on and off with atp .
doppler studies were performed that revealed compromise of blood flow to the middle cerebral artery which raised the question of severe fetal anemia .
she will follow up with dr . last name 497 on 2176 - 9 - 13 . .
during her initial wave of palliative radiation to cervical / thoracic spine , she also developed similar symptoms which resolved on steroid therapy that was subsequently stopped about 3 weeks ago .
she states her mother ' s mental status has been progressively declining since her discharge from the hospital on 1 - 22 .
foley catheter was d  extension  c  ' ratio  d , as was her central line .
by the time of discharge on postoperative days * * * * the patient was walking freely , the wound was healing and pain was controlled with oral analgesics .
it was felt her bleeding was likely from the portal gastropathy in setting of recent ethanol use .
on postoperative days # 1 she was started on betablockade , lasix and statin therapy .
s  extension  p  implantable cardioverter defibrillator and lead extraction on 2109 - 11 - 19 , patient has remained hemodynamically stable , afebrile , no signs of systemic infection .
the procedure was done via the right radial approach .
they recommended lantus 14 u  every bedtime and humalog sliding scale , as well as metformin .
a heart catheterization was performed showing a totally occluded left anterior descending artery which was incompletely opened with angioplasty .
orthopedics was consulted for his right medial malleolus fracture ; he was taken to the operating room on 2171 - 9 - 4 for delef .
she was given integrilin x 18 hours and heparin drops .
work - up included right upper quadrant ultrasound and liver body imaging per above .
74 - year - old right - handed woman with a history of right - sided superior mca stroke and right - sided sdh presents with left - sided facial droop , left - sided upper and lower extremity weakness in a umn pattern , left - sided neglect , and left - sided extinction to double touch .
she was given lasix 80mg by vein , by mouth ( per os ) mucomyst , placed on a non - rebreather and had a lung blood clot protocol imaging . she was then transferred to the hospital unit name 153 . .
he then had a bleeding scan which was negative .
patient was discharged with instructions to return for echocardiogram within one week of discharge , to see pcp in followup for chemistries and cytosine ( while on indomethacin ) within one week , and to return to see doctor . first name8 last name in cardiology within two weeks to review echocardiogram results .
he continued to spike low grade fevers prompting a repeat infectious workup without any identifiable source so identifying data was consulted .
fentanyl patch and morphine was restarted when his ms improved .
patient is a 72 y  extension  o male with past medical history of heart disease , congestive hearts failure , peripheral vascular disease with stent leg ( ?
he was admitted to the intensive care unit for further monitoring .
she was seen by psych on 2187 - 8 - 23 and started on olanzapine 2 . 5mg hospital1 with improvement .
patient had flat jugular venous pressure and warm extremities , no evidence of tamponade .
the following morning ( 7 - 13 ) , the patient became low blood pressure at around 11am with blood pressure 80 / 40 and was not producing urine .
post procedure room air pressure went drom 15 - > 10 pericardial pressure from 15 - > 3 .
74 - year - old m with hx htn , papillary renal cell ca s / p resection ( partial nephrectomy and distal pancreatetomy with splenectomy for removal of possible mass , later presumed to represent chronic pancreatitis ) 2123 - 11 - 1 , extensive tobacco history , and remote history of migraine , presenting with headache and unsteadiness .
the patient is a 45 year - old number of pregnancies 5 para 1 , last menstrual period 2131 - 7 - 11 who presented with severe stiffmomomo and dysfunctional uterine bleeding .
with initiation of dialysis / ultrafiltration and aggressive fluid removal he was able to be weaned to trach mask .
his hospital course by systems until the events on 12 - 13 is as
# neuro : given the limited history , it was initially difficult to assess whether symptoms represented a new restriction in blood supply event vs . recrudescence of old stroke symptoms in setting of acute medical problems vs . seizure with post - ictal state vs . toxic - metabolic .
another imaging of the abdomen was done on 1 - 25 showing increased perihepatic and perisplenic ascites .
anesthesia gave him two doses of narcan with no response .
admitted to medical intensive care unit , for further management after receiving solumedrol 125 mg by vein x 1 .
after stabilizing in intensive care unit , off ventilator and on doing well on room air he was sent to the medicine floor .
the patient was then transferred to the coronary care unit service for medical management in anticipation of possible percutaneous coronary intervention later in the admission .
patient ' s management at outside hospital was additionally complicated by kidney failure with a creatinine bump from 1 . 1 to 2 . 7 , thought possibly to be 3 - 20 contrast nephropathy from imaging on 3 - 18 .
also on home benzodiazepines , could be benzo withdrawal .
in the emergency department , he was aggressively treated with calcium gluconate , insulin , sodium bicaronate , and kayexelate .
was dialyzed on third hospital day as above with spike in temperature .
this was thought to be iatrogenic 1 - 15 stenting and possible jailing of the diagonal , so he was started on heparin drip and treated for heart attack .
electrocardiogram demonstrated persistent st elevations in the precordial leads with some decrease in magnitude of the elevation from prior electrocardiogram ' s , and with q - waves as well .
cerebrospinal fluid  herpes simplex virus and interreal diseases study laboratory ( old test for pancreas ) pending at time of transfer .
the patient was extubated on 2112 - 7 - 16 , blood filtering # 2 , without event .
spinal tap performed 1 - 1 showed no evidence of infection .
known  surname ' long history of prednisone for room air , in context of low blood pressure and overspeed heart rate associated with these episodes .
the patient was amiodarone loaded with 150mg then started on 1mg / min drops .
breathing : patient was temporary intubated for agitation after having temp pacer .
74 yo  female with an extensive smoking history , obstructive lung disease not on medications , presenting with progressively worsening shortness of breath and cough consistent with obstructive lung disease exacerbation , and found to have nstect on admission .
the patient ' s chief complaint was right flank pain .
at the time of discharge the patient was able to ambulate while on room air without desaturation .
she was treated empirically with vancomycin / zosyn which was narrowed to cefepime ; this was discontinued prior to discharge .
she has not been on any prolonged trips , had any recent surgeries , been immobilized recently , and has never felt a pain similar to this one .
she denied any abdominal pain and had a benign abdominal exam .
does note some numbness in his toes x 1 year that was previosly evaluated by his doctor .
he initially had a poor response , but by postoperative day five started to make significant urine and was changed to a lasix drip .
electrocardiogram did not show peaked t waves , but rate was 130 - 150s , left anterior descending ( a coronary artery ) , , , , got i , dep i , , ii , 27 - 6 . , ii , v4 - 6 .
51m with metastatic non - small cell lung cancer with mets to brain admitted with shortness of breath .
a total of 40 u of fresh frozen plasma and 9u of platelets were given throughout the active episodes of digestive track bleeding .
she was given nahco3 for treatment of her acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) overdose as per protocol .
for management of her rib fractures pain control and pulmonary toilet have been the primary goal .
# hypokalemia : patient ' s k was repleted in setting of ethanol use & withdrawal .
amiodarone is known to rarely cause pancreatitis ; the patient ' s amiodarone was held and was not restarted on discharge .
when his vision did not return he went to the primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) where he was found to have his blood pressure in the 200 ' s .
the infant emerged with a good cry , was dried , bulb suctioned and given blow - by oxygen to maintain pink color .
digestive tract : patient with history of liver disease , hepatocellular carcinoma status post month / day ( 3 ) 54267 .
acute cholecystitis : patient  p  extension  w  right upper quadrant pain , leukocytosis , and low - grade fever at her rehab .
iron studies revealed normal iron level , total iron - gap capacity of 263 , ferritin 308 .
# chronic kidney disease on blood filtering : she was continued on blood filtering with goal to remove excess fluid with infusion .
he fell several more times and dislocated his shoulder .
afterwards , a swelling that is filled with blood under the left pectoralis , which was thought to be related to the manipulation .
a subdural drain was placed in the operating room ( aka operating theatre ) and leveled at shoulder .
her coumadin was held , but her international normalized ratio did not adequately come down likely secondary to dietary vitamin k deficiency so she received additional by mouth ( per os ) vitamin k with good response of her international normalized ratio .
she denies any associated chest pain , shortness of breath , abnormal sweating , sensations that heart is pounding , shortness of breath when lying flat , paroxysmal nocturnal shortness of breath .
this morning she gave him breakfast - he ate well and was communicative , and did not appear to be choking .
per rehab notes , patient with low - grade fever on 9 - 23 , pancultured , chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) with bibasilar atelectasis .
from a breathing standpoint she continued to require oxygen alternating between nasal cannula and oxygen face mask .
the patient is a 51 year old male with hepatitis c virus cirrhosis , right lobe hepatocellular carcinoma , state changed  post radiofrequency ablation on 2154 - 5 - 1 who presents preop for a liver transplant in a . m .
was brought to hospital 1281 hospital for temporary stabilization before transfer to hospital1 18 for continuity of care with patient ' s cardiologist dr . last name 5686 . .
the patient was admitted on 6 - 14 for biopsy and resection of a duodenal mass .
proportion of red blood cells were followed initially every four hours and then every 12 hours when levels stabilized .
an body imaging of his internal auditory canal was performed which showed enhancement of the facial nerve .
during her stay in the intensive care unit , transaminitis recurred and was thought to be direct toxicity from one of the broad spectrum drugs she was receiving , likely ambisome .
33f with hypothyroidism , h  extension  o obesity now s  extension  p bypass causing anemia requiring by vein iron q3months , and h  extension  o  overspeed heart rate in the past presents with shortness of breath and leg swelling .
three days later on 2121 - 10 - 12 , he was admitted with chest pain and shortness of breath to hospital6 3872 .
throughout the operating room , the patient remained hemodynamically stable and afebrile .
infectious disease , she was started on a course of ampicillin and gentamicin .
# pneumonia : the patient was admitted date range 77005 to hospital 4199 hospital with bilateral upper lobe pneumonia and obstructive lung disease exacerbation .
she also has a positive troponin , but had no chest pain or electrocardiogram changes and no acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) was given due to the bleeding .
18 year old gentleman who was admitted to the acute care service c  extension  o  abdominal pain after he was struck in the right flank by another playing while he was playing hockey .
a torso imaging scan performed there was otherwise unremarkable .
52m with h  extension  o non - ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy ( left ventricular ejection fraction 20 % ) , obstructive lung disease , who presents with shortness of breath , worsening acutely today while at home , but getting progressively worse since 2 - 13 .
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , patient ' s vital signs were 97 . 7 , heart rate 96 , blood pressure 137 / 72 , breathing rate 15 , 98 % room air .
was evaluated extensively and pan scanned but no etiology of bleeding found .
transplant team pulled his blood filtering line and tip was sent for culture .
review of imaging  belly by radiologist with transplant surgery resident showed no concern for inflammation of the colon .
there was a normal fetal survey at 21 weeks .
he was noted to have decompensated dilated cardiomyopathy with a 2days - echo showing 3 + mitral backward flowing with an left ventricular ejection fraction of 15 - 20 % .
due to concern for high clot burden in bilateral upper extremities , patient was placed on anticoagulation with coumadin .
the decision had been made prior to surgery to have the patient evaluated by cardiology for potential mitral valvuloplasty as the patient was felt to be a good candidate for this .
he was subsequently started on a labetolol drip with blood pressure decreasing slightly .
hospice was considered but not initiated as the patient was not fully understanding of the extent of his illness .
her abdomen was left open with the plans to take back and re - explore in 24 hours to reevaluate several questionable areas of potentially ischemic bowel .
fluids , electrolytes , nutrition - previous electroylte abnornalities were all consistent with watery stool and low blood volume including hypovolemic hyponatremia and loss of bicarb in watery stool .
during these two days , he also noted subjective fevers , chills and a poor appetite .
on 7 - 13 he was noted with increasing liver function tests and lipase ; magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography was performed which showed worsening pancreatic necrosis and edema as well as worsening bleeding collections around the pancreas ( at this time he was coagulopathic with an international normalized ratio the of ~ 6 ) .
name is a 49 year - old man who by vocation is a car salesman who is known to have hepatitis for about 15 to 19 years .
bilateral basal opacities were seen initially in the postoperative period on chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) .
she was given blow - by oxygen and facial continuous positive airway pressure .
the ed consulted cardiology , who were not surprised by the very mild trop elevation in the setting of likely seizure / tachycardia in a patient with known cad ; they recommended trending the troponin and ecg ( though not very useful with extensive conduction system disease ) and controling sbp < 140 and hr < 80 with iv mtp ; possible stress test .
patient was given 40 by vein lasix with minimal response .
pt was transferred from the intensive care unit to the floor and the jp drain was d  extension  c  ' ratio  d .
patient had low platelets , heparin was bic  ' ratio  d .
beta blockade and further diuresis were begun the morning after surgery .
in the critical care unit on transfer he felt well other than fatigue and shortness of breath .
his aggrenox and plavix were held as patient was going for perc chole and had been guaiac positive .
will continue at current dose , recheck thyroid stimulating hormone as outpatient .
the right coronary artery had 90 % narrowing of a blood vessel just before getting off the posterior descending artery .
he was closely followed by infectious disease specialist , lung , and heart electric test .
# . cad : pt had elevated ce , in setting of severe bradycardia , heart rate 17 - 20s .
of note in her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) office she was given 2 days of azithro and mucinex without improvement .
age over 90 female  w  extension  heart disease ( s  extension  p  percutaneous coronary intervention 2165 ) , congestive hearts failure ( ejection fraction 40 % ) , high blood pressure , type 2 diabetes , chronic % stage iv , and h  extension  o distant breast cancer who presented to the emergency department with worsening lower back pain .
following surgery she was brought to the cardiovascular intensive care unit for invasive monitoring in stable condition .
it also showed an anteroapical ischemic that was new .
89 year old russian speaking male with cad s / p cabg in 2169 , medically managed nstemi 9 - / 2182 , afib ( not on coumadin ) , tachy / brady syndrome s / p dual chamber ppm 2175 , dm , chf ( ef 45 - 50 % ) , and pvd who presented to the hospital1 18 ed with progressive sob over the last 3 days .
discussion began regarding end of life care and palliative care was consulted .
50 y  extension  o  female with no significant past medical history who is being admitted to the hospital unit name 153 for profuse vaginal bleeding with low blood pressure .
she was discharged to rehab for continued recovery of her physical function .
all sedation was held to get a more appropriate neurologic examination .
trop continued to trend upwards without chest pain or findings on electrocardiogram .
of note , she reports that she is already followed by a retinal specialist at the online eye and ear arritalary for her macular degeneration .
lung : the patient was transferred to hospital1 18 intubated .
repeat imaging scan showed fluid around the aortic graft .
she was tranferred to hospital1 18 for further management .
also being treated for lung infection ( vancomycin / cefepime / flagyl for lung infection ( 86 = 8 - 28 for 8 days ) .
target under low - density lipoprotein 70 , but at 78 and this was not perfect non - fasting level .
she was diuresed aggressively for this , and will follow up with a chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) next week .
known  surname 107587 is an 84 - year - old man with hoarseness and left vocal cord paralysis .
he had a chest imaging demonstrating his known pleural effuion but no infiltrates .
persbutin subl was avoided out of concern for worsening abnormal decrease in the number of platelets in the blood .
outside hospital speciation and sensitivies showed pseudomonas oxytoca sensitive to ampicillin / sulbactam .
with these interventions , his sodium remained stable and fingers beginning to trend back to normal by discharge .
she was given the recommendation of followup with her primary care and cardiologist in location 3844 when she returned home .
ms . known  surname 31624 is a 68 year old female transferred from osh w persistent cholangitis / biliary obstruction s  extension  p  known  surname stent x 3 for malignant biliary stricture at level of common hepatic duct extending to hilum .
by emergency medical service ( s ) report on the scene she was physically restrained by police officers and covered in feces , apparently her boyfriend admitted that she had been drinking for the past week .
a head imaging was obtained and showed no acute change in comparrison to previous head imaging ' s .
while on the critical care unit floor , patient was switched to dobutamine and dopamine with the plan to eventually add nitro gtt .
catheterization showed severe three vessel disease and a left ventricular ejection fraction of 38 % .
the patient reports a month long period of exertional chest pain or pressure manifested as chest pain with radiation to the midback , relieved with rest .
on depakote at nursing home , but seizure history unclear .
right lower extremity ultrasound was limited due to patient ' s contractures , but no obvious formation of blood clot in deep vein .
during his stay , a a surgical operation tube was also placed and he was nutritionally maintained on tube feedings .
patient ' s vital signs were stabilized following use of lorazepam to treat acute cocaine intoxication .
subsequent echocardiography did not reveal any evidence of pericardial effusion .
they recommended a further evaluation of his mental status with an electroencephalogram , b12 and multivitamin .
it was associated with some shortness of breath and mild sick , and the pain was much worse with deep breathing .
pt told medical team that his arthritis and back pain was well controlled with the tylenol regimen , therefore , pt was told he should follow up as an outpt by talking to his pcp and asking him / her to make a referral for pain management if patient wants to explore pain management further .
went back to operating room ( aka operating theatre ) for sternal washout and closure on postoperative days # 2 .
61 y / o m with past multiple myeloma treated with chemo and xrt , multiple hospital admissions for pneumonia in recent months , now admitted on 7 - 5 for lower extremity paralysis related to spinal cord involvement , c / b upper extremity dvt , and newly found lung nodules concerning for malignancy , now s / p biopsy .
following polypectomy the patient had several episodes of bright red blood per rectum , one of which necessitated transfer to the intensive care unit .
# abnormal heart rate : paroxysmal abnormal heart rate known on history with abnormal heart rate and irregular pumping of blood through the heart during intensive care unit stay requiring a combination of betablockers and calcium enzyme blocker as well as initiation of amiodarone .
in 7 - 3 , patient complained of right arms / shoulder pain progressing to slight increase in shortness of breath .
she was transferred to hospital1 18 intensive care unit due to her breathing distress from b  extension  l aspiration pneumonia .
she has subsequently developed symptoms of congestive hearts failure with legs  edema , five pound weight , shortness of breath , shortness of breath when lying flat , shortness of breath when sleeping .
he subsequently went into acute kidney failure secondary to septic shock , with elevated createnine and less urine .
# acute hemoglobin leukemia : the patient was diagnosed with acute thrombocyt leukemia on bone marrow biopsy , and has tolerated 7 + 3 therapy without complaint .
consider cardiology follow - up as outpatient given echo finding of intracardiac shunt
liver was consulted and performed emergent endoscopy for concern for variceal bleed .
of note , blood pressure spiked to 198 / 96 during this episode , but trended down to 160 ' s / 90 ' s .
last year , was at location 38 at which time started celexa , buspar , and haldol .
he was transferred to the heart surgery recovery unit on levophed , milirone , epinephrine , and vasopressin with intra - aortic balloon pump .
reports from hospital6 20592 show the patient had an watt - mibi on 2103 - 12 - 24 which
hence she was put on continuous positive airway pressure for some time .
heart review of systems is notable for absence of chest pain , shortness of breath on exertion , paroxysmal nocturnal shortness of breath , shortness of breath when lying flat , ankle swelling , syncope or presyncope .
sensitivity data showed all 3 species were sensitive to cipro and therefore zosyn was discontinued .
nephrology was consulted and emergently placed an blood filtering line and initiated blood filtering with the goal of rapid removal of salicylate to help prevent neurotoxicity .
an endoscopy was performed which was completely normal , without any sign of mass or bleed .
body imaging was done to r  extension  o  ischemia noting no evidence of acute ischemic , or acute bleeding .
physical therapy was consulted to assist with discharge planning .
name - the patient was instructed to follow up with his primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) regarding his patient / international normalized ratio levels .
abnormal heart rate with irregular pumping of blood through the heart : new onset during this admission .
of note is she was previously seen by dr first name8 last name here at hospital1 18 in neurosurgery and he is no longer working here .
on review of symptoms , his wife denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , deep venous blood clots , lung  blood clot , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , joint pains , cough , hemoptysis , black stools or red stools .
given cardiac enzyme leak in the setting of this demand , scope was delayed until hemodynamics stabilized .
her heart function is stable with a preserved ejection fraction at 60 - 65 % , no significant valvular abnormality .
her creatinine initially improved with diuresis but her diuresis limit was reached and she became the low output of urine .
dibetes - patient was treated with an insulin sliding scale and , four days prior to discharge , also with her at - home actos dose .
the patient was admitted to the hospital unit name 196 service at that time for diuresis .
he was intubated at an outside hospital transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department .
the mass was biopsied and revealed an adenoma with high grade dysplasia .
for pain control she is being discharged on percocet which was effective in controlling her pain throughout her hospital stay .
for anticoagulation she was placed on a heparin drops and coumadin by mouth ( per os ) .
2191 - 7 - 31 remains in cardiovascular intensive care unit , slightly sedated , intubated - weaning to continuous positive airway pressure , then as tolerated .
while in the emergency department he had a seizure ( described as jerking tonic / clonic , generlized , with face deviating to the left , looked like grand - mal , brief ) .
the family was not comfortable making her comfort measures only ( palliative care or hospice ) on holiday .
this continued for at least 10 minutes until emergency medical service ( s ) arrived .
there her vital signs were stable and a 3 way foley was placed .
on transfer to the critical care unit the patient denied any current symptoms .
atrial abnormal heart rhythms with irregular pumping of blood through the heart : heart rate to 150s in the emergency department , given 10mg by vein dilt x 2 and 30mg by mouth ( per os ) dilt with some response ( heart rate decreased to 120s ) .
the morning after his admission his propofol was stopped and he was extubated without difficulty .
the procedure was successful , with recanalization of the entire basilar segment with a possible small thrombus in the right patient - controlled therapy which was not flow limiting .
extraial movements intact ( see eye movement ) and his vision and visual fields are grossly intact , although he wears location 1131 glasses , but did not have them with him during this admission .
she will resume coumadin and is discharged on lovenox until therapeutic .
she was initially admitted there on 2170 - 5 - 9 directly from the office for workup of abnormal accumulation of fluid .
after a few minutes patient became completely non - responsive and was intubated by anesthesia .
the patient is a 3120 g , 38 - week , male , born to a 36 - year - old , number of pregnancies 3 , para 12 , female .
for the first several days he was placed in a halo and given morphine for pain control .
the body imagings were reviewed with the radiologists , infectious disease specialist team , and primary team who decided that the probability of facet infection / infectious inflammation of the muscles was unlikely ; antibiotics were therefore discontinued ( received 7 days of vancomycin ) .
a comprehensive workup for reversible etiologies was initiated - this included but was not limited to thyroid tests , hiv , cmv , ebv , b12 , hepatitis b , hepatitis c , serum lead , rheumatoid factor , doctor first name , crp , esr , hcg , lft , spep , upep , and csf - pep .
this study was limited by gado so they perform another body imaging .
on exam , she was responding ` ` yah ' ' to all questions .
transferred to floor , then after infectious disease specialist consult , decision was made to d  extension  c levaquin as well , with plan of 7d of vanco after her central line d  extension  c  ' ratio  d .
as the patient was not able to follow commands and had a difficult airway , the icu team did not feel that he was a candidate for extubation , compounded by an increase in secretions due to mask [ ventilator - associated ] ] , the decision was made to proceed to trach and peg .
patient placed on empiric 10 day course of levofloxacin .
after the operation , he was brought to the child support recovery unit on minimal inotropic support .
his creatinine had peaked around 3 , and had returned to his baseline near 2 through diuresis by the time of discharge .
the patient now presents for evaluation of his moderately severe mitral valve prolapse .
the catheterization showed double occlusion of posterior descending artery , no intervention was done .
it was impressed upon the patient multiple times that it is imperative he stop given the association with vascular disease and he was additionally prescribed a nicotine patch on discharge towards this goal .
# cirrhosis : patient with history of alcoholic vs non - alcoholic keto ketoosis cirrhosis complicated by esophagealel , gastric , and rectal varices .
he tolerated the operation well and was transferred to the heart surgery intensive care unit in stable condition .
of note , the patient has been complaining of persistent left upper quadrant and left flank pain and recently completed a course of antibiotics for his phlegmon without development of bacterial sepsis .
she was bacteremia on pressors at numerous points during her hospital course .
in each case , the patient was shocked at 200 j and given chest compressions , after which she came back into normal sinus rhythm of the heart .
known  surname 496 presented to emergency department via ambulance from group home for evaluation of abdominal pain w  extension  n  extension  v x 6 days .
of note patient was recently discharged from outside hospital in 4 - 29 after presenting with weakness and altered mental status .
her last stress test was a test for blood flow to the heart in 2165 which showed improved reversible defects .
her fevers are likely related to her human immunodeficiency virus and possibly her medications .
entamoeba histolytica antibody was also sent given her liver and central nervous system findings and was still pending at time of discharge .
patient was in his usual state of health until 2193 - 12 - 27 when he developed rectal bleeding .
known  surname last name ( titles ) 1834 a minimally invasive gastroectomy on 11 - 11 for high grade presence of cells of an abnormal type of the esophagus with no evidence of metastatic disease , pathology confirmed ' s ' s  with no malignancy .
his hospital stay was significant for evaluation by hematology , in which they diagnosed him with likely platelets reduction type 2 .
stomach disease : patient was on omeprazole 20mg daily at home .
home aspirin , plavix , and statin were continued .
a d - dimer was positive , but given the kidney failure , he only underwent ultrasound of legs that did not demonstrate evidence of blood clots .
he was seen by patient and felt safe to go to rehab .
the first obtuse marginal artery had a lesion that looked acutely ruptured and occluding .
she will need 3 more weeks of iv last name ( lf ) 112289 , first name3 ( lf ) follow - up with her primary care physician last name ( namepattern4 ) 2 weeks , then with pulmonolgy in about a month ( scheduling in process at time of discharge ) .
of note reported no bowel movement but continued to pass flatus and there was no concern for a postoperative ileus .
on arrival to the emergency department , vital signs 99 . 8 140 136 / 60 26 96 % , flexible sigmoidoscopy : 93 . : 93 .
in the emergency department , he was forces the heart has to develop to maintain blood flow stable ( high blood pressure ) and overspeed heart rate to 100 ' s .
he has a history of motor vehicle accident / posterior / left craniotomy 18 years ago , with subsequent temproparietal cerebrovascular accident ( stroke ) with right sided residual weakness & expressive aphasia .
a mri scan done at another hospital showed hematology - peritoneum around the sigmoid colon .
the patient was admitted to the medical intensive care unit , for ongoing continuous dopplerenous hemem fistula given his pressures were prohibitive for traditional blood filtering .
the patient is a 40 year old woman with a history of hypoparathyroidism secondary to a parathyroid adenoma and papillary thyroid cancer , status post total thyroidectomy and right superior parathyroidectomy on 2160 - 9 - 30 , who recovered well but whose course was complicated by parathyroid studding with hypocalcemia .
12 - 27 : increased pain regimen 12 - 29 : tolerated a regular diet 1 - 2 : the patient had a voiding cystogram which was normal , with no evidence of contrast extravasation .
the patient ' s worsening kidney function was thought to be due to obstruction presumably from the small bowel mass .
intraoperatively the patient had several episodes of decompensated atrial abnormal heart rhythms , but these were controlled with medication alone .
she had no return of shortness of breath while on the general medical floors .
she moved him to the floor and started cardiopulmonary resuscitation .
his coumadin was somewhat difficult to titrate - initially minimally responsive to 5mg daily of coumadin then supratherapeutic rapidly to > 4 on 6 - 7mg daily .
and heel osteo on 6 weeks of meropenem and linezolid to be completed 2204 - 12 - 2 .
he was transferred back to critical care unit , was started on pressors , and had to be intubated due to lung  edema .
the patient was closely monitored with a foley but it was discontinued on 2170 - 9 - 19 .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) showed volume overloaded , so she was diuresed and extubated on 5 - 2 .
no significant findings on event monitor per doctor last name 11493 .
whooping cough culture / serology , influenza a / b , rapid viral screen and culture were sent and were pending at the time of discharge .
vent was weaned , and the patient was extubated .
on review of symptoms , she denies any prior history of stroke , transient ischemic attack , deep venous thrombosis , pulmonary  blood clot , bleeding at the time of surgery , myalgias , hemoptysis .
please follow up with a repeat urinalysis at the end of fluconazole course .
in an effort to mobilize her fluid , she was adminstered 50g of albumin daily followed by by vein lasix .
she denies any recent fever , pleuritic chest pain .
was eventually converted to nasal cannula from non - rebreather mask after better oxygen saturation .
oropharynx clear , no bleed , uvula swelling decreased daily , no signs of obstruction .
a nonocclusive blood clot was found in the an infection of the skin of her right popliteal vein - mid an infection of the skin of her right  femoral femoral vein .
she later put out a total of 1100cc of urine prior to transfer to the intensive care unit and was no longer in tripod position but still with a breathing rate in the high 30s and using accessory muscles .
she recently underwent angioplasty of the superior mesenteric artery stent on 2118 - 1 - 19 , and has been doing well without any problems eating / drinking until about 3 days ago , when she developed vague abdominal , and , , and discomfort , distension , and with intake of soft liquids soft . with intake of solid foods .
# code : do not resuscitate but okay to intubate confirmed with son .
the initial streptococcus pneumonia bacteria were sensitive to ceftriaxone , erythromycin , levofloxacin , penicillin , tetracycline , trimethoprim / sulfa , and vancomycin .
- continue soft diet for 3 days - continue cipro 500 mg hospital1 for 3 more days - continue omeprazole 40 mg once a day .
antibiotics were continued empirically to cover for possible infections and were stopped when culture data returned negative .
he was transferred to hospital ward name 121 6 on post - op day two for further monitoring .
42 year old male with a history of hepatitis c and polysubstance abuse ( cocaine , benzodiazepines , heroin ) presents with an opiate / valium overdose .
the patient was discharged home with visiting nursing association services in good condition with appropriate follow up instructions .
also had 3 - 25 episodes of coffee - ground vomiting and continues to feel nauseous .
lung function tests done in past revealed a mixed obstructive and restrictive ventilatory defect ( external expiratory volume in 1 second . 86 , delayed vital capacity in 20s 20s . 78 ) .
89 year old gentleman with history of abnormal heart rate on coumadin , presented with brain blood collects  state changed  -  post evacuation , complicated by hospital acquired pneumonia , congestive hearts failure exacerbation , new atrial thrombus / mass on peri and  .
he was transferred to the trauma intensive care unit for frequent neuro checks and transfusion with gtt .
she has a chronic indwelling foley that fell out earlier today and has noted some decreased urine output over the past couple days in setting of decreased by mouth ( per os ) intake .
the white blood cell rose today , however , and an abdominal  imaging was planned , but the patient became acutely low blood pressure , rapid breathing , and excessive sweating this morning .
he initially required a labetalol drip to maintain systolic blood pressure ' s under 180 but was weaned off of it in the context of restarting his home anti - hypertensive regimen .
she has had 30 cc / amr of urinary output after arival on the floor .
patient began to exfoliative , from the face downward .
he had a waxing and waining level of consciousness and was often responsive only to pain .
source of bleed appeared by location 620 colonoscopy to be from above the ileocecal valve .
chest tubes and wires were discharge  ' ratio  d without incident .
the patient states that when the cath fired he was experiencing chest discomfort and was given nitroglycerin and morphine .
ceftriaxone was changed to ciprofloxacin for coverage of serratia and he will complete a 2 week course of that .
the evening prior ( 2 - 18 ) , the pain began as a vague tightening that wax and waned but became more frequent and progressively worsened .
she was weaned off of any pressors by post - op day three and started on beta blockers .
his initial electrocardiogram revealed st depression in i , automated volt left , and v2 - v5 with abnormal heart rate , troponin was . 33 ; abnormal heart rate has since resolved , st changes now read as non - specific .
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , he was hemodynamically unstable on three pressors , and then began to have large volume output of bright red blood from his nose and mouth .
known firstname known lastname 34909 is a 63 year old woman with history of mvr on coumadin , dchf ( ef 55 % ) , and copd on 3l nc who presents to the ed from pulmonology clinic with significant hypoxia with exertion ( 73 % on 3l nc ) .
patient was educated on potential long term effects of colchicine toxicity including rebound leucoytosis and transient alopecia and asked to follow up with primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) .
also with frequent urinary tract infections , completing a dose of bactrim today .
anticoagulation was initiated first with heparin , and later with lovenox and coumadin .
in the name , patient was reportedly comfortable .
she was discharged to rehab in 2135 - 4 - 5 and since that time , the patient reports new development of vulvar pain and worsening red blood cells in the urine .
he also had n  extension  v , chills but no diaphoresis .
on discharge the patient was not feverish , non - bellenic , without signs of infection other than a mild cough .
blood and urine cultures were sent and showed no growth to date at time of transfer .
while on the floor this morning , the team noted that she was low blood pressure to 90s / 60s and she was started on vancomycin and cefepime for coverage of possible 79p .
# pain : from left flank lesion / fall and superficial wounds .
2171 - 4 - 12 : temperature spike 103 , vanco / zosyn started , aline d  extension  c , feeding tube changed to naspastric tube .
overnight into 2 - 12 she was fever to 102 . 1 and she again expressed her intentions to leave against medical advice .
anti - inflammatory antisieeri therapy , and for mortality benefits ) , acetylsalicylic acid ( aspirin ) 325 mg was restarted in hospital on admission .
known  surname 72441 was initially kept strictly nothing by mouth due to his suspected aspiration lung infection .
she also received doxycycline while tick - borne serologies were pending .
per family report she was diagnosed with depression at age 16 and was started on an antidepressant at that time ; she self discontinued the medication .
she was continued on antibiotics ( amp - sublactam and azithromycin ) and steroids , her anticoagulation was stopped , and she was also diuresed gently to keep steadily negative fluid balances .
his net fluid balance was negative 200 cc that day .
has had several sets of cardiac enzymes drawn , all which were negative , although he did have t wave inversions in i , v1 - v4 which were new from prior electrocardiogram done in 2103 - 5 - 29 .
he was worked - up in the usual preoperative manner including vein mapping and lung function testing .
she passed a swallow evaluation and was evaluated by patient who recommended rehab .
he had low suspicion for lung blood clot ( negative lower extremity non - invasive test ) , and had an echo that showed relatively well preserved cardiac function .
marked clinical deterioration - clinically today had left sided dense inability to move on one side of the body , mild neglect and visual field cut on left . during transesophageal echocardiogram received fentanyl and versed , per nurses verbal report .
her blood pressure was treated appropriately and cardiology service was consulted for improved management of her high blood pressure .
on 7 - 25 , the patient was noted to have increased weakness and progressed to a feeling of an inability to move his extremities on 7 - 26 .
the patient was switched to oral amiodarone after having converted to sinus .
* cough : patient had a dry cough on admission , which ecame more severe during hospital stay .
breathing failure : as per trauma team , intubated for air hunger , partial pressure of oxygen was 66 with pco2 of 21 .
the body imaging showed a focus of hyperintensity in right occipital lobe that could represent small acute infarct as well as abnormality in left centrum semiovale consistent with either subacute infarct vs metastatic lesion .
hep c viral load 55 , 000 , 000 . per osh records , his haart was held upon admission to osh 2 - 17 concern for reconstitution syndrome in addition to concern that haart regimen could be causing liver failure ( pt was briefly treated with solumedrol for reconstitution at osh , but this was discontinued upon his admission ) .
appointment scheduled with dr . last name 1940 . .
electrolyte labs revealed some wathonclatemia which was felt to be secondary to breathing alkalosis in the setting of acute coronary syndrome .
15f in doctor last name ( back seat ) rollover motor vehicle accident , questionable loss of consciousness , right arms injury with arterial bleeding and significant blood loss at scene , tourniquet placed on scene ; patient reports placing an infection of the skin of her right hand against window as rollover occurred
in the intensive care unit , he was given 6 . 5 l of fluids and required a levophed drip and vasopressin .
the patient ' s plavix was not restarted as it was greater than one year since the patient ' s last percutaneous intervention .
89 year - old male with a past medical history of bioprosthetic avr , hypertension , hyperlipidemia , diastolic heart failure who presented with a hypersensitivity drug reaction to bactrim , whose airway was never compromised , was observed in the icu overnight and then called out for further management of last name .
71 years old male with history of disseminated leukemia middle subduraleal ( iiia kappa ) s  extension  p autobmt with relapse , paroxysmal abnormal heart rate , subdural hematoma who presents with insufficient oxygen and altered mental status .
he is preparing for discharge to a rehabilitation facility .
he was admitted to the medical intensive care unit  nothing by mouth , on by vein fluid rescusitation , intubated , with a foley catheter in place , and by vein fentanyl for pain .
she was transferred to hospital1 18 emergency department where creatine kinase > 200 , 000 and creatinine 3 . 0 with urinalysis + blood , no red blood cells , + muddy brown casts .
per his parents , his voice is more nasal , as well as slurred and much softer .
he was felt to be a poor candidate for catheterization secondary to his complicated coronary anatomy with multiple previous interventions .
continued to make good progress and was cleared for discharge to home with visiting nursing association on postoperative days # 4 .
initial labs showed elevated amylase 183 and lipase 157 .
he denies abdominal pain , fevers , chills and states that he would like to go home in the morning .
obstructive lung disease exacerbation : patient was transferred on prednisone for a presumed obstructive lung disease exacerbation .
in addition he will f  extension  u with a dentist and undergo a colonoscopy to look for underlying source predisposed him to streptococcus anginosus ( milleri ) bacteremia .
his oxygen was eventually weaned off and his room air saturations were 96 % .
known lastname is a 79 - year - old man with a history of dm2 , esrd on hd , htn , hyperlipidemia who presented with aphasia and right face / arm / leg weakness , found to have a l mca stroke from likely embolic source , transfered to icu for possible pna management and subsequent trach / peg on 2 - 6 .
the patient reports occasional shortness of breath when he walks anywhere from 10ft to 2 - 10 a mile .
he underwent continuous video electroencephalogram montioring throughout most of his hospital course .
an insulin resistanceinterventional radiology guided gastrostomy -ostomyostomy tube was also attempted but was unsuccessful given the patient ' s unusual anatomy after bowel resection for duodenal ulcer in the past .
breathing distress - on 10 - 29 patient was noted to be rapid breathing at 36 / m w / o2 sat 90 % 4l / m nasal cannula which prompted a trigger .
he did not mount a reflex tachycardia from this probably because he was beta - blocked from his carvedilol which he takes at home .
on the morning of 7 - 12 she experinced repeat headache followed by n  extension  v .
electrocardiogram show t - wave inversion v3 - v6 and inferior leads , st depression inferior leads , repeat show resolution of st depression in inf leads .
total parenteral nutrition was deferred as it was felt that patient should continue to try to use her digestive tract tract as much as possible .
patient was triggered for low blood pressure on arrival to systolic blood pressure 70 ( baseline in 90s ) .
transient ischemic sickness , prostate cancer and chronic back pain presented to first name8 last name hospital emergency department earlier today when he had acute onset of chest , abdomen and back pain occurring simultaneously .
the patient was counseled on the fact that a recurrence was likely , and she decided to proceed with her discharge and follow up with her primary care physician ( also called primary care provider ) and oncologist .
acute inflammatory demyelinating thrombocytsiosis ( first name9 7816 location syndrome ) - his recurrence of the syndrome likely resulted from upper breathing infection secondary to hemophilus influenza , and possible in the setting of influenza vaccination .
however , he does complain of cough which is a side effect of the stimulator .
a goals of care meeting was arranged with the family , intensive care unit , neurology and palliative care .
the patient was found in the bed by his wife , choking and unresponsive in the mid afternoon on the day of admission .
infant emerged blue , and limp with little breathing effort .
patient states that his peritoneal dialysis catheter has not been working properly during the same time ; he reports putting in 2l dialysate and only getting 1l fluid out .
# watery stool - likely from all of his lactulose , but given recent low grade fever and multiple antibiotics , a c  differential was negative .
at hospital6 33 , he received 13 . 5 units of packed red blood cells .
assessment / plan - 19 y  extension  o female with h  extension  o depression , s  extension  p drug overdose as suicide attempt , s  extension  p intubation for airway protection .
transfused 1 unit platelets and 1 unit of packed red blood cells during admission
additionally , she received chest patient and was started on inhaled steroids in setting of usion and persistent cough with sputum production .
creatine kinase - mb was elevated up to peak of 86 , troponin was also elevated and has not yet peaked .
he was given a 2nd mg of atropine because his heart rate was still in the 50s ; and started on fentanyl gtt and versed for sedation .
# septic shock : source is e . coli urinary tract infection 1 - 29 dibatomenicy .
this was thought likely to be due to delirium given multiple factors including disturbance in sleep - wake cycle , infection , and concern for possible seizures given myoclonic movements .
several conversations were held with 620 . known  surname 96174 husband and son , both physicians .
her hospital course was significant for peri - operative heart arrest and low blood pressure and later a digestive tract bleeding episode requiring icu stay .
known  surname 72376 was emergently taken to the imaging scanner after being evaluated by the neurology stroke team .
she was found with empty bottle of tegretol ( 2 wk supply , bottle date 4 / 5 / 5 ) full bottle of trazodone 400mg hs ( date 2125 - 3 - 17 ) full bottle of fluoxitine 80mg daily ( date 2125 - 3 - 17 ) multiple samples of doctor first name in backpack was brought to hospital1 18 , and did not respond to narcan so was intubated for airway protection .
the following day his proportion of red blood cells dropped to 19 . 6 , and after 3 units of transfusion , his proportion of red blood cells increased to 26 .
per identifying data will plan to treat skin infection that is not resistant to certain antibiotics bacteremia / abscesses with by vein daptomycin to total of 6 - 8wk course .
post operatively he went to the intensive care unit where he was monitored closely and blood pressure was kept at a normal range to perfuse his cord .
he was monitored on telemetry which showed paroxysmal abnormal heart rate .
the patient was neurologically intact and hemodynamically stable on no inotropic or vasopressor support .
nasogastric lavage was performed with return of approximately 500ml of blood .
chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) done at the nursing home revealed bibasilar infiltrates and she was placed on bactrim .
the location 109 was estimated at 0 . 7cm2 .
white count coming down to 13 and proportion of red blood cells stable at 29 . 6 .
# idiopathic lung fibrosis - - it was felt that the patient ' s insufficient oxygen could have been caused by his idiopathic lung fibrosis that has significantly worsened or is the substrate upon which another process is acting .
he was also diuresed given his congestive liver and acute kidney injury both thought to be due to poor forward flow from decompensated heart failure .
on arrival to the medical intensive care unit , , she perceverates on the subject of sodium .
her coumadin ( on for afib ) was withheld until 10 / 11 per neurosurgery ; her home dose regimen was restarted on 9 - 12 which is 2 mg daily except for on tuesday ' s when she receives 3 mg .
she was placed on vancomycin for empiric coverage , dosed by levels .
initial platelets were 212 but dropped to 124 prior to transfer .
a bowel prep was performed and capsule endoscopy was performed , results pending at the time of discharge .
patient then had left main stem stent placed via intermalventional joint and discharged on 2180 - 12 - 2 . .
patient is a 85 years old male with severe heart disease  s  extension  p  cabg91 , bioprosthetic mitral valve replacement , ischemic  cm with ef 25 % who presents with worsening shortness of breath .
on 9 - 28 the patient again began to complain of abdominal pain , diffuse in nature , constant and sharp in nature , rated 9 - 8 .
she was noted to have abnormal thickening and edema of the aryepiglottic folds , right greater than left , as well as nonspecific circumferential edema at the pharyngeoesophageal junction on a imaging scan of her neck at the outside hospital .
the pain itself is not associated with sick , vomiting or abnormal sweating .
he beleves that he had a ' cold ' approximately one week ago , with cough , running nose and subjective fevers .
the patient had a single episode of chest pain while in the hospital which was relieved by sublingual  nitroglycerin .
patient should have a repeat head imaging in a few months after discharge .
upon further investigation , his pain was noted to be reproducible by physical exam , namely by pressing down on his head and turning his neck to the left .
the patient was monitored on telemetry with no ectopy noted .
he was transferred to critical care unit for further observation on aggrenox drops and nitro drops to prevent vasospasm .
per infectious disease specialist , given clinical improvement will continue with current regimen .
initial labs were notable for a normal white blood cell ( 7 . 0 ) , proportion of red blood cells ( 40 . 9 ) , and brain natriuretic peptide of 1180 .
chest x - ray ' s post chest tube removal revealed bilateral apical collapsed lung .
on vaginal exam she was noted to have small clots .
at this point she called her life and she was brought to hospital1 18 .
fluconazole by vein was started on 12 - 4 with plan to treat until 12 - 29 .
heart catheterization conducted at an outside hospital demonstrated three vessel disease with 95 to 98 % mid left anterior descending narrowing of a blood vessel , 95 % left circumflex narrowing of a blood vessel and 80 % right coronary artery narrowing of a blood vessel .
the patient was discharged from hospital1 112 to the armonoiom house in glasgow - pratt drain on 12 - 29 .
he states that the abdominal pain is located predominantly in the left lower quadrant , was mostly crampy and intermittently sharp in character , non - radiating .
subsequent proportion of red blood cells found to be down to 22 from 32 baseline .
another horizontal line below the right nipple from the right lateral to the midline chest contrasted the right upper pink body with the lower right windtic abdomen and legs .
blood cultures were done which were negative and a chest xray showed some bilateral small effusions and atelectasis .
she was noted to have electrocardiogram changes prior to arrival to hospital , but had no elevation in enzymes .
she was initially placed in the intensive care unit due to her sepsis picture .
digestive tract performed endoscopy at the time of patient ' s arrival to the hospital unit name 153 and found non - bleeding erosion in the stomach and duodenum .
arrived to the emergency department minimally responsive w  extension no evidence of trauma .
# likely aspiration lung infection vs lung infection : patient had a history of dysphagia and aspiration lung infection presenting with mildly elevated white blood cell , low grade temperature and insufficient oxygen .
on arrival at sturdy , she had mild rales , with chest x - ray ( chest radiograph ) demonstrating mild congestive hearts failure .
she has initials ( namepattern4 ) last name ( namepattern4 ) , first name3 ( lf ) 96555 who takes care of her at home .
the neck swelling began this morning and he is complaining of difficulty swallowing and difficulty breathing .
otherwise there were no complications and she tolerated her full dose aspirin well .
on post - op day 2 , the patient had another episode of breathing distress and was transferred to the intensive care unit for further management .
# h  extension  o ventric tachycardia : episodes of orbitofrontalch occurred in setting of decompensated chf , likely secondary to some demand ischemia , but ruled out for heart attack .
she underwent upper endoscopy with 3 bands placed to food pipe  enlarged veins .
50 y  extension  o woman with new onset of chest pain or pressure on exertion and had positive exercise stress test .
he states that he has continued to have a poor appetite and did have occasional episodes of sick and bloating with small volume vomiting .
also rec ' d baracath to prepare for imaging scan but then had a large episode of bright red blood per rectum .
she will complete a 4 week course of ceftriaxon and f  extension  u with identifying data .
exam remarkable for 3 / 6 systolic ejection murmur , loudest at the base and radiated to the upper chest and neck .
arterial blood gas with good oxygenation and ventilation , but desaturates with fio2 less than 99 % 4 / 6pt with cardiac arrest and death pronounced .
progression of lung fibrosis , right greater than left , likely usual interstitial lung disease or fibrotic subtype of non - specific interstitial pneumonia .
patient was transferred to child support recovery unit in stable condition with a phenylephrine drip for blood pressure support , insulin drip , and being titrated on propofol .
# breathing failure : patient was continued on mechanincal ventilation .
also found to be in breathing alkalosis ( initially on arterial blood gas prior to transfer from trauma surgical intensive care unit ) , which was thought likely secondary to central hyperventilation and was treated with acetazolamide until improved .
she denies any recent illnesses , fever , chills , weight gain or weight loss , sick , vomiting , constipation , painful urination , bleeding , muscle aches , or rashes .
colitis ( at hospital1 756 in month ( only ) 116 ) .
she was maintatined on her home dose of lisinopril and furosemide 60mg twice daily was started given her diastolic heart failure .
likely nutritional as responded to vitamin k and on long - term antibiotics .
at this time , the patient was evaluated by heart surgery service for a coronary artery bypass graft .
emergency ward course also notable for imaging of the abdomen which showed demonstrated a possible small an infection of the skin of her right kidney stone ( w  extension  u for red blood cells in the urine ) .
melanotic material was seen from the mid jejunum to the proximal colon .
the patient is a 72 - year - old gentleman who was at the university / college club when he fell over the railing of a stairway with approximately a 20 - foot fall .
unclear baseline mental status , per emergency medical service ( s ) patient visiting from state 108 .
head imaging showed a small injury to tissues with a small subarachnoid bleeding in the left frontal lobe .
of note , patient recently had admission date range 46889 due to abscess following cat scratch and discharged on augmentin and doxycycline for 10 days total ( history 10 days total ) .
# watery stool : significant improvement , now bowel movement x4 on lactulose , stool negative for c  -  x3 and no other immune could be identified . x3 and no other pathogen could be identified .
neurosurgery was made aware and felt this was catastrophic bleed and not amenable to surgery .
blood urea nitrogen / creatinine increased to 140 / 3 . 7 but creatinine returned to baseline after cozaar was held and foley was placed .
patient was restarted on coumadin and will continue aspirin until therapeutic .
he received 600mg by vein clinda and albuterol nebs and he was transferred to hospital1 18 for futher treatment and management .
international normalized ratio at baseline , total bilirubin and liver function tests were at baseline or below .
she also underwent heart catheterization which revealed normal coronary arteries .
